VEG fags literally shaking
 Yuta and Rikka is already a couple during the pre amnesia state. The confession happened way way before episode 1, probably the classroom scene that the voice drama mentioned.
 Girlfriend/Boyfriend Status is the nail to the coffin to Akane's insanity.
 Akane doesn't want to be her friend anymore.
 Yuta and Rikka had a fight prior to amnesia, about friend over boyfriend shenanigan.
 Yuta went to Rikka's house to talk after some time. Probably called her beforehand, telling her that he has something important to say.
 Rikka doesn't want to tell him that he's in a relationship with her because it's better this way, so as to not overcomplicate things.
 Try to keep distant from him, so that Akane doesn't get angry any more than she already has.
 Rikka tells him that he sucks if he was pretending to have amnesia, because Yuta called her to meet that day,
 She likes him, at the same time tries to keep a distance from him due to her loyalty to her best friend.
childhood friend was a bitch
newfag pride
more hinting towards a ippo that isn't a bitch maybe in 500 chapters
Japanese-Filipino collab
Korean MC
not Filipino, not even Japanese
Filipino's obsession over Korea strikes again
kill all of the Elevens
kill all of the Japanese
muh hatred for Zero
realizes that if he was sent from the game and people in the past have been sent from the game then it could happen again
doesnt want a guild of moralfags to pop up, remember his clan was a pk clan then go and kill them
so he decides to build a good boy country to broadcast his clan as good boys 
if anyone comes and starts shit with him, they would be seen as the bad people since he is a good boy running a good country
Is he just fucking about for the hell of it?
So what's his endgame?
when the thread dies
Overlord is popular not because it's a power fantasy but because it's a painful reflection on reality.
 mob psycho 100 S2 AOTY 2019
Ultimately, it worked out, since Mob was able to pass on his powers to Reigen
Deku's just a normal guy.
"If I don't help him, he's a goner" 
I wanna keep hanging around the guy who keeps antagonizing and makes me feel like a worthless piece of shit everyday
When is Reiner going to reunite with his old friends?
Eren makes Gabi into a shifter as a final fuck you to Reiner.
Reiner is the protagonist now
BLANCO
Annie
Can someone explain me if Eren is asexual or romantically loves Historia?
And does Historia love him in return or not?
Also what is this blush drama that was discussed? Did Eren blush for Mikasa or Historia in 108?
phone poster
eufag
armin's bullshit asspulls are now used against Eren
ZM is canon
ZLRM is canon
Gabi chapter
serves m*rleyeans
femlet
shitty black hair
"tee hee im such a lazy and carefree girl" cliche
serves based eldian empire
tall, long legs
weird haircut but still manages to be cute
knows what she wants and is loyal to based yeagerbros
shitty black hair
lazy and carefree
walls are barely 6 humans tall
"oh shit oh shit let's conceal the bottom of the walls with mist so nobody can tell"
"also I'll make it look like Reiner is on a cliff so the scaling won't look too weird"
"perfect"
The three actual main pieces of the plot
Historia 
main piece of the plot 
slave to the eldian empire, her own race(undisclosed, most likely part black) and homeland(SNK murica) will be crushed in the rumbling
lanklet frame, no ass
dyke haircut, blonde with dark eyes the most disgusting soulless mongrel combination
I-I JUST WANTED TO BE NOTICED, a boring Mikasa clone
just a jobber to divert suspicions from Eren's true master plan
works together with the nations of the world and chadgath to achieve world peace and the end of titan bullshit
cute frame, literally perfect carrying size with the best butt in the series
messy black long black hair adds cute charm, actually an eldian goddess when she cleans up
carefree personality is actually a guise for her constant game of 12D chess
the thorn in the side of her enemies, and a constant force to be reckoned with
The story would have ended already if eren didn't had feelings (romantic or platonic) for historia.
Historia's situation is what most likely pushed him to use the rumbling against marley
Is with the main trio in the Character profiles
Only royal blooded besides zeke
Last panel is 99% her kid
Is with the main trio in the Character profiles
Eren is confirmed to be alive by the end of the series though

the retard that says historia is irrelevant is the "its grisha with eren" poster.
confirmed
how Gabi is a main piece for the plot
Eren gets all nine titan powers
It turns him into the Devil himself
He rumbles Marley and forces a truce
The rumbling causes him to die early
Mikasa is there with him when he dies
"See you later, Eren"
With his last breath, he returns all of the titans to the paths
He directs the titan inheritance backwards along the paths
As his soul travels back, parts of his memories are left in previous shifters
He finally ends up in front of Ymir Fritz
She gains the power of the titans and sees his will
His last memory is directed toward his child
To You, 2000 Years From Now:
"You are free"
Eren never gets to meet his son or name him, and the last panel is a symbolic embrace
If Eren just ends the curse and survives the series i would be really disappointed.
muh armong narrator
Why don't you want Eren to end the curse?
confirmed
Eren sends all 9 powers back
Armin is narrator
dumblr
Eren breaks the curse before anyone can get the armored titan
Reiner's suffering continues until he dies of old age
Gabi is irredemable at this point for the eldian side(killing Sasha and hating eldian like eren hating titan)
Gabi hasn't shown any indication of such
Do you actually want to see multiple chapters SNK Gabi sperging out at the devils or Armin being an accomplished diplomat that achieves world peace?
 SNK Gabi sperging out at the devils
Armin being an accomplished diplomat that achieves world peace
The next generation of titan shifters
Thread full of brainlets 
manga is in it's final arc
Annie is still a fucking crystal
Armong's hole
letting armong get to her
No angry Historia
almost 666
gabi turns into titan
eats eren
everyone thinks its "the end" and the conflict is over
eren's memories and personality overpowers gabi
the story continues
Wanted to marry christa
Eren impregnates her
captures annie
fucks up reiner's in the head 
cause for bertos death
zeke switches sides
goes back to marley to fuck up reiner in the head even more
rekts reiners home town
takes his loved ones away from him
impregnates historia
probably will win over gabo
probably annie will join him
will probably kill a bunch of warriors in paradis
will probably end up killing him
now I ship EH
the couples surveyed had sex 78 times on average before conceiving.

Implying Eren can kill Armin retardation aura + favorite armor
eren now is isayama self insert that mean he is literally a god in the manga
Post good fanart

WHERE IS MY EREEEEN
dumb shipping shit.
the rest were enjoying their lives.
replying to bait
Reiner is gonna raise farmer-kun's baby after he gets rageturded
biting yet again
your brain in shippingfaggotry
the others were more worried about not offending marleyans but Historia would never be free.
EHchads
YHtrash falseflagging as EAr
Never reply to AAfags
but I do not remember that Mikasa or Armin really gave Eren much support with his mental problems
Mooo Eren! Give me your dick!
but I do not remember that Mikasa or Armin really gave Eren much support with his mental problems
Everything I don't like is YHfag
A guide to cope with severe autism
Has the memories of 3 shifters in his head
Betrayed by his close friends
Bears the guilt of his father's crimes
Witnessed people close to him die in front of him
Hundreds of soldiers is dead because of him
Has a shortened lifespan
The world wants to eradicate his entire race
Bears the weight of his country in his shoulders
Is not free
You seem mad
replied to my 3 posts 9 times
damage control
Reiner did back in their trainee days
eren
only caring about himself
seething EHfatty
even in the AU, ErenHisu is the plot
Erenfag broke again.
all of my boogeymen are one person.
post YH
never attack the other ships

Eren, listen to me. I have a plan, but we just need money, okay?
didn't even read my post
and they continue to shitpost while literally shaking
Eren could be the father
when you fetch Zeke his bananas and take him to Paradis and he still won't stop touching you at night
Erenfag trying to shift the blame and falseflag.
all those SJWs triggered
Historia isn't in love with farmer-kun or Ymir
farmer-kun 
Oh, a man of culture
chad
has to spam every single thread with your shit ship and attack everyone who doesn't ship it, or even ships things that have nothing to do with skronkren or slutstoria
You are an EHfag
incest
EHchads
50 IP
 I was just asking why would you answer to a farmerfag all of a sudden unless of course all those farmer posts were you.
you used farmer for damage control
hiding behind Armongfags now
hiding
likes to blame us
us
barely any discussion
EHchads = Erenchads = Hisuchads
EMfags = Mankasafags
YHfags = Ymir trash = farmerfags
He is not sure whether to use or not
Farmerfag is a based n*gger who knows exactly how to make the EHfag seethe
AMfag is disgustingly sweet and tries to keep the peace, but it almost never works
ZEfag is just along for the ride and is a /v/fag
AAfag doesn't care about what anyone except the EHfag and EArfag thinks
EArfag is extremely prone to anger outbursts, but her autistic fits have some truth buried beneath the insults
JMfag is the only one aside from the AMfag who regularly bathes and is also extremely obnoxious
EHfag doesn't know what a shower is, has the trait speed reader, and intentionally destroys everything around him
Springlesfag knows that happiness is always, always fleeting
Farmerfag is a based n*gger who knows exactly how to make the EHfag seethe
EHfag seethe
EArfag
all these tears
Hisu is the cutes girl
Ymir is the handsomest girl
EHwhale SEETHING
that farmer-kunfag
YHtrash playing sims
EHgremlin trying to moonlight as the ZLchad
btw old people love those games
EHwhale replying to ximself
mentally ill
I'm young unlike you YHtrash
attacking YH
EHwhale
accusations of replying to you twice
shitting on YH out of nowhere
I know I have to repeat the same thing to you because of your old brain but come on, try to atleast remember that.
attacking YH
EH
AA and CS are in the eternally BTFO room
j-j-just for existing
the EHwhale cries out in pain as it lashes you
ledditor
Everyone just gave up on Historia in the end
EArfag and ZLfag are in the Pride Parade too
that moment when the YHfag admits Historia is not gay
most chill fags
EArwhale
EAr stopped existing years ago
enhancement
restraining
trap (binding, pitfall, and landmine)
already teasing him
not even part of the Bulls yet
Vertol of effort.
Not a redeeming quality
 Yfw Sally goes full SCIENCE on fana and Vetto. 
 You two don't actually think you are safe in those bodies do you?
 They are artificial imperfect.
 Every 48 hours if you don't take the solution only I can make.
 Your cellular structure will break down and within 20 minutes you will be a puddle.
showing all your cards to your enemy
 nigger stream comment section
 All those people think sally made the glasses and doors
Wasn't that brilliant, since she could have thought up Glasses without lens
Sally also dresses like a sex slave
people
I think she's keeping these clothes
huge elf mana boost
loli imouto to transfer more mana
magic mana storing mirror eye
BC crazy girl comes back to life
MHA crazy girl still in storage 
MagnaXSally confirmed
 Going all of Dorothys work.
not liking 3d
Langris
3.1 million sales
not good
The Bull Base was pretty much God level
get BTFO by Droite in seconds
Finnes has a chronic weakness that makes her weak and unable to go outside
I love his development.
sides
He's had a history of problems with Ladros
Was always to to use powers to help others
Personally believes fights should have minimal casualties
Is more emotionally attached to his teacher than hisfellow apprentice
Back in the dungeon arc he is shown to be questioning why he serves the king
He had flashbacks of the kingdom forcing him to kill his only friend 
Ladros breaks his gem and betrays the king too
He actually explained
LMAO I was being retarded on purpose
I want to be a special snowflake
FTL+
Yuno is Augustus' bastard
Not being faster than time
Royal lineage
One of the great spirits
Gets into best squad
Elf powerup
Good looks
Better harem (includes Lily)
includes Lily
but that only lets him unlock more trap based spells.
Asta's an elf
castle's gardener pumped and dumped a castle maid
result was Asta
it's why both were abandoned together
After Reve used her magic, there wasn't much that could be done. What would be a hard counter to prevent getting pulled into dream magic? It seems like all she has to do is look at someone to pull them in
she took the bull and those inside it as collateral
kills Marco 
Fana should also meet Fana during Diamond arc
anti-magic magic 
Where do you think antimagic weapons were made? 
anti-magic
made
 dwarf fag confirmed for speed reading
Brainlet confirmed for not being able to look further into the story
idiots think that Asta's "element" is anti magic
 Special snowflake back story 
 Head canon. 
he doesn't have mana so defect
 Released
 Whoa somethings not human in his blood
 His
Dwarves couldn't just be defected humans
All words mean the exact same thing in their world as our world
but dwarves could have magic too, asta was a dwarf born without it!
but the witch queen wouldn't be able to know asta is a dwarf
then Witch Queen would not have called him a defect, since that would be "normal"
just a nickname given to humans with defects
 Nick name.
Seething
 Vis translation
Asta
the last dwarf
 Le show don't tell.
when tabata takes inspiration from mythology and lotr.
 phrase for hell
Look at the dwarves mythlogy and you see the association with demonic beings and that they are damaged as they are the maggots that came from Ymir which can explain why mana doesn't like people of low birth
Sea exploration arc after this
Expedition lead by Mereoleona 
Goal is to reach Yami's homeland
Discovering new lands, creatures, and people along the way
Vetto fucking Fana and elf Fana while Mars watches
Mars fucking Fana and elf Fana while Vetto watches
Mars and Vetto spitroasting elf Fana while Fana watches

Basing it off a mostly unknown group that existed for only 16 years 
Morris is derived from Maurice which is derived from Mauritius which is Moorish
Moors are an arab mix ethnicity
Diamond kingdom is based on middle east
speed-looking-at-a-map
in turn they each got a small piece of his
 Kingdom of winter 
 west.
made Jack the shortest 
magic knights thanksgiving
OVA 
that extremely gay moment between William and Lily
said the increasingly nervous shitposter for the 542nd time this month
dies a pasty virgin
never even gets a gf
gets beaten by Chad
the only thing he is good at is solving mysteries and he loses to a spoiled, immature kid who plows the waifu he wished he could have daily
Asians are so fucking backwards shit
implying you would be paying at all to see this
chinks
h-he made a typo b-better point it out. Hehe that will show him.
JA 2017
TT 2019
Kyosuke rejected this
What a fucking faggot
[ ] Glass her
Lewd catgirl in bed
Responsible and caring wife/onee-san elsewhere
Kyosuke rejected this
I'll give you a little anime song
Because he barely knew her
ywn block your sister's romantic advances to get together with her friend
ywn have kanako sing for you personally
ywn kiss kanako backstage before her show
ywn help kanako stop smoking
Do kirinofags only like her because she was the little sister?
scat
piss
Ceci n'est pas une pipe
181481158
creeper
Not wanting a bro who's also a cute girl you can fuck whenever you want
Ayase deserved to win the bowl.
she isn't best girl at all
Is it just yanderefags who think she was best girl?
reverse image search
"Naruto - how did danzo aqquire all those sharingan??"
"It says here that Kuroneko fans are still mad to this day. Care to explain?"
defects
Mostly just Kirinofags going LOL U MAD BRO?
he would be /fit/ 
Kirino wouldn't be interested in anime and manga
no kuroneko, Saori
actually goes to mc's apartment when her sister isn't there
needed a clean iso for the vita comparability patch.
most sites with psp games are fucking dead.
finally found a site with a clean iso.
the patch crashes my PC every time I try to use it.
found out I could just run it on my old tablet with no problems.
finally found a site with a clean iso
Would you mind linking?
I feel ashamed admitting I own a Vita
Ria
Kuronekofags still butthurt
Does Kirino have a better personality in the manga?
Kuroneko sabotages her own relationship because Kirino can't accept it
She went too far ripping the ritual book up tho.
LN
but the OVAs!
Shipperfags
boltzmann brain
Kanako did drugs at 14
he forgot about the opiate arc
any credence to Kirino's claim
not even mentioning the cocaine arc.
not mentioning the shabu arc
Kiss each other in the lips
Declare their love to each other in no ambiguous terms 
Have sex 
burger subs last week
non burg subs this week
Still no burger subs on CR for this episode
Anime/manga original episodes starting next week with original characters
must last 7
anime-original case next instead of just flashbacks and plot development
They skipped the Engarde twist
I don't see why they'd introduce it for Iris's much less important secret.
Make me feel sorry for one of the most annoying characters.
rewrite
Yeah, they can do that, and disappoint the entire followers but yeah, they can do that.
speculate what really happened
don't love her
she back stabs you and puts you in jail
all because he doesn't love you
tell her you love her
don't actually love her, call her a whore behind her back
she backstabs you and puts you in jail for a crime you actually did commit
If they do introduce the Magatama I hope it shows up in the anime original case
If they do introduce the Magatama I hope it shows up in the anime original case instead of at the start of Bridge.
Kudo said he enjoyed it, but warned her to be wary of Armstrong. The man was an ex-con who had a habit of stealing from customers, and had been arrested once for it
lol we met in Europe, Mr Wright helped me out and now I'm here!
no "this is SPARDA" girl
Turnabout Express
condensing that case in three episodes
3 episodes
吉永拓斗
actually casting an actual kid for this
Seriously both episodes had a fat snooby woman as the bad guy, Takumi you fucking hack
AAI is animated
The final case lasts 12 episodes, 6 of which are interrogating the final boss
extraterritorial
Ace Attorney anime
Dedicating more than 5 episode to a case
doubting him
sfx=clap clap
That ghost...! You can't be serious...
sfx= float float
Lord?
Mr.?
Mr.
sfx=fade~
Lord
sfx=staaare
sfx=float float
sfx=alert
Lady?
Miss?
Lady!!
Mrs.!!
sfx=gossip gossip
sfx=Macho
sfx=pomf
*bold
--
---
Lat Pulldown
sfx=water
---
sfx=Whoa!
sfx=thud
sfx=rising
sfx=poof
1st stand = Takoyaki Fire //Special
Fruit Stand
Fried Potatoes
sfx=complete
sfx=makeover
No way. I'm not going to some other summer event at all!!! I would NEVER cosplay
CHARGE MACHOMARU
sfx=GOOooooo
banner = Pokopoko Town Summer Festival and Obon Tour with Fireworks
1st shop = Frankf(urters)
2nd shop = Chilled Oden
3rd shop = Castella
1st shop = (Fukuro)zuri Sake
2nd Shop (side only) = (Cold) Soba
3rd shop = Squid Balls
sfx= crowd
shop = Frankfurters
sfx= crowd
sfx= crowd
sfx= crowd
shop = Yakitori
small vertical banner in back = Draft Beer
sign = I have a challenge
sfx=Shock
Hibiki...who are you talking to by yourself?
I'm super heavy
Can't see him.
*bold
Elbow is immobile as the fulcrum
--
-----
-
--
Higher grip points are more difficult and train more than lower grip points
sfx=fondle
sfx=GRIP
sfx=CLENCH
sfx=LAUNCH
sfx=pant pant pant
sign=I have a challenge
sfx=CLENCH
sfx=slam
sign= I have a challenge
Random ghost joins the crew
sfx=POINT
(right side)
Trapezius
Deltoid
Triceps Brachii
Serratus Anterior
Brachioradialis and Forearm
Iliopsoas
Gastrocnemius
(left side)
Sternocleidomastoid
Pectoralis Major
Biceps Brachii
Rectus Abdominus
External Oblique
Quadriceps Femoris
sfx=sigh
sfx= chew chew
sfx= munch munch
sfx=wheeze
(vertical advertisement) = Revenge Fight
(double ad) = Hizamitsu/Keropass
(ワスゾ ad) = Penal
Target
Even Senseis and Ibuki-san got involved...
Just what hand did you play...?
sfx=Beep
target
sfx= Looooove
sfx=sprint run run run run
building = Love Palace
sfx=bang
Machocho
codename Meat Dumpling.
Why would you bodybuild in secret.....?
sfx= Palatial!!
evolve
Machio
I get it! The love-hotel is just a facade!
This is a secret gym for the macho-elite!
-Pull yer shoulder blades back
Country (kyoto) accent
droopy eyes
Looks like she has a nice rack on her
THOSE FUCKING THIGHS
Incline Bench Press
Reduces Shoulder Stress
Chest Press Machine
Have a sure grip
sfx=POW
Muscles!!
sfx=POW
Zero Hour
Seems the answer to re-linking is "no" I guess I'll have to do a full 12 chapter dump sometime in the future...
Hibiki the Gyaru uses a lot of contractions and free speech, swears most
Akemi the Ojou doesn't use contractions, more erudite and polite
Machio the macho is instructive and professional until he loses to muscle logic interjections
Ayaka the BFF also uses a lot of contractions, swears directly and a bit more insulting
Cosplay Cake Sensei is the reactionary Manzai routine, swears rarely
Zina the Russian is less erudite but very fluent while also delving back into Russian occasionally
Jason the American must absolutely refer to everyone as "Mr./Mister" "Ms./Miss" or "Mrs./Misses" as his dialogue is mildly foreign, oddly polite, generally positive
Deire the Director reverses the naming order so "san/chan" is a prefix and the first syllable of the name is the suffix. Otherwise decent speech.
Aina the Homeroom teacher for Hibiki/Ayaka is professional until she's being mocked. Less reactionary than Tachibana.
Kure the Homeroom teacher for Akemi/Zina is the "ara ara~" type contrasting with shockingly rude/murderous comments.
Mei the ProCosplayer has cutesy/energetic lingo half the time, sarcastic the other half.
Tadakatsu the Ghost speaks in a manner hundreds of years old. My translation of him opts for him calling everyone "Lord" or "Lady" and the vastly erudite speech is to help the perception of archaic/obscure words as more common.
Utsunomiya the Farm Girl is melodic, polite and has both Kansai-ben for regular speech and Chogoku-ben for muscle speech, so she switches from Southern belle to Yakuza and swearing. The key about her swearing, is that she's NOT actually swearing so it's mild.
Ghost samurai is involved too
....I forgot how to get back above ground.
Hibikis brother
I've got 'em all on my hardrive with the documents, I just want an excuse to remind people that Danberu exists and I'm sorry the team isn't working faster to get them scanlated.

For example, all the times Akemi talks about loving muscles, she's always, always, always focusing on pecs.
The first thing Akemi's older sister checked out on Sen were his pecs
Wheyfu
I do not have, nor can I find
Volume 3
Volume 4
Volume 5
I do have all the PR work, of course, but each of those volumes has at least 3 extra full-color art pages AND MORE IMPORTANTLY about 7 extra 4Koma strips. So, I'm missing about 21 4Koma panels and about 15 full-color art.
Hibiki standing on a weight machine and it breaks
Hibiki performing alternating dumbbell curls as Akemi squat's with a barbell
Ayaka throwing super fast jabs at her sister wearing mitts
Hibiki goes into superpower mode and blows a sandbag off its chains as the Ueharas and background machos look on in awe and Hibiki looks concerned about what she just did
Zina performing cossack dances in a large fur hat and Cakesensei stands embarrassed in a lewd outfit
Cakesensei proudly showing off her lewd outfit but then shirks back in fear when the girls in their uniforms walk by and notice her
Machio performing a series of poses as Akemi looks on in lust and Hibiki looks exasperated
Machio blending a protein shake with a bow-tie as the girls sit at the Silverman's Gym bar
Aina and Cake senseis getting drunk in a bar
Aina and Cake senseis at the school in their business skirts typing away madly with stacks of papers on their desks with Kure-Sensei looking on smugly
Harnnold Dogegenchonneger acting out any number of different iconic Schwarzenegger scenes ending with Jason throwing peace signs
Hibiki giving thanks for some huge amount of food in front of her and then eats it instantly as the girls look on with mixed expressions
Hibiki's brother performing some chuuni stances as Hibiki just looks miffed, maybe the other girls (not Akemi) look on in lust
Zina arm wrestling some background macho, struggling, as Hibiki arm wrestles some background macho, sends crashing through the table
Ayaka doing some ab exercises while Cake-sensei tries some back stretches and then cripples over in pain as Ayaka abruptly stops and hurries over to see if she's alright
Girls passing out in the sauna as a team rushes them out
We'll be back shortly
work(out)
solo karaoke
tan
blonde
tomboyish
loves eating
loves action movies
openly likes boys
doesn't put up with bullshit
friends with everybody
competitive
obliterates anything with a punch
mob gagcharacter
the background machos had a face for one chapter (two if you count the first full-page spread of the manga)
I WOULD BET HARD that in those Volume Extra 4Komas, there are all kinds of Kengan Asura references that no one knows about.
did the Volume 1 & 2 4 komas ever get released???
the full volume RAWS of Danberu for Vol. 3,4,5.
a plethora of 4Koma panels.
megumin will never get her to suck your dick as a competetion while she watches and giggles claiming she did better
Yunyun and Megumin will never have sex to you to sudden death
Yunyun but has Megumin mind
Megumin but has Yunyun mind
be megumin
can't use magic
accept duel Yunyun in vain things
megumin win
now it's time to prove superiority in real and useful situation
megumin: "yunyun plz help"
yunyun save megumin and all of her friends
megumin: "i saved this people"
G-gimme the chocolate, Yunyun!
easily the worst one-note konosuba character
but has such a fuckable design that she gets a million threads
No d-pad
tfw every Yunyun pic from the manga or LN is from my own personal screenshots that anons have saved
Sleeping for 6 more days
Never minding the strange area code, he immediately calls her
was featured on a Rolling Stones cover
was featured on a Rolling Stones cover
needed a whole personnal movie
Rei is mainstream 
Asuka is the cool Indie band
cool Indie band
Rolling Stone
s o y g i r l
They can only improve eachother, Shinji smooths Asuka's rough edges. Askua toughens Shinji up.
Jokes on you I like abusive women
cool Indie band
Which side has the monster
I said I like abuse, not getting cucked
implying implications
basically combines all traits of the three girls
Right
Dumpy
this thread
Nagatoro
Without brain problems
SPATS
AND
SPORTSBRA
panel 3
Naga isn't quietly glaring at her friends for daring to desire her fluff
yfw Red points out that maybe Senpai got hurt when he saw her talking to those other boys
get hugged
ruh away to masturbate
ywn have a harem of cute bully girls
no sleepy tanned bully to sleep with
Implying Sempai would be strong enough to lift Yoshi
Yoshi sweating while she watches Sempai run
Red
Is she really a red-head?
purityfag thinks liking non-virgins makes you a cuck
goddesses
Nagatoro teaching Senpai to fight and become fit so he can beat up other boys who talk to her
spats
implying that's not hot
spats
midriff
ponytail
3DPD
jizzing on furniture
jizzing on your computer
rates might be better
Ponytail
answering
shooting 774
they all want to train paisen in their own way
because something that is literally impossible happened
ntr-arc is just one chapter long
then we got sport-toro, even hotter than beach-toro
Or alternatively look up stats on number of partners before marriage and divorce rates for practical information
correlation does not imply causation
the same data can support the opposite implication (more divorces cause more partners)
stonetoss
"We've found that people are more likely to contract an STD the more partners they have."
"Correlation isn't causation, though."
"Uh...well, we've also found that it tends to be warmer when the sun's out."
"Perhaps, but correlation isn't causation."
"...Okay...uh...we also found that people tend to die after getting shot in the head."
"Correlation isn't causation lol xD"
third panel
he
making this thread again
one piece
repetitious
off-topic garbage meme picture
Repetitive stories
Plot armor
Mostly retarded/incompetent villains
Plot conveniences
Cop outs
Offpaneling all the good stuff.
Running became the climax of every story arc
Fights are straightforward and generic
No developments for the main crew after the timeskip
Each Strawhat has an IQ below 70
Armament haki is a literal deus ex machina to nerf logia
Dragging each story arc to the point where you don't give a shit anymore
Predictability
Oda doesn't give a shit about fights
Big Mom and Kaido are terrible and generic villains
Many characters are introduced each arc that amount to nothing
Retarded fanbase that thinks Oda is a god
Nobody dies outside flashbacks (inb4 wb and ace)
Ugly character designs 
Oda can't into human anatomy and proportion
LE ONE MEME MAN
THE OP PACIFIST MIDDLE SCHOOLER
Oda doesn't give a shit about fights
My diaper wearing ass is on fiiiiiire
thread about GODA and ONE
majority of posts are discord whore hunterbeta's SEETHING
literally have no content to talk about from thier shit manga so they gather in this VS ShonenWar /v/ thread like the feces that they are
this is why Miura is a shit writer too
npc
worst girl becomes even worse
Chapter 60
Can only find up to chapter 54
torn in half
no salamander regeneration
"heheheh I'm so strong"
character starts moving at the speed of sound and clearly overpowering MC
"YES I AM VERY STRONG HAHAH-"
character gets gored and MC goes "This is Killing Bites"
every fucking fight
the idealistic shonen-y MC contrasting with the reality of Killing Bites
snout
Hyena
a fucking crow
condoms can't do shit against barbed cat benis
Post it
113 posts in
Inabaposter nowhere in sight
tfw no scanlators
Shitomi ruins everything
we're arachnid now
blatant spoiler in op
spoiler breaks rules
report said spoiler hours ago
thread still up
no arthropod girls in killing bites
used goods
catfaggot
march 
people expecting Nomoto to do shit
If I knew Japanese
Honestly it would be better at this point if one of our moonspeaking /a/nons took over translating and typesetting,
Taz died
A jobber
Stopping anything
literally btfo to pieces
season 2
If the series doesn't end with Nomoto, Taz, Pure, and InaBest riding off into the sunset together while Hitomi rots, then it is pure shit.
Taz
since Hitomi was certain she got him in the heart
acting like a sperg to keep bumping a dead thread
[Deleted]
KSer
"Paint is expensive though ..."
so she has to delete the older memories in order to record the more recent ones.
You mean it's a ring-buffer queue?
Robot waifus can't post their pictures online though.
it is criminal that this series never got a full length anime series
With the right studio behind it, it could still work.
is she a lesbian or what?
There was a part that i had to delete completely. It was an episode that i couldn’t write.
The plot was that among Mista, Narancia, Fugo and Abbacchio there was a spy that was going to betray Giorno and Buccellati. At the beginning i planned out that the traitor would have been Fugo, but in the end i couldn’t do it. The grim mood that was with me while i was working on VA made me write stories that were getting little by little even more sinister, and i was getting annoyed at myself because of that. Besides, thinking about Buccellati’s feelings my heart was starting to ache. The betrayal of a dear friend isn’t something i can deal with and the only thought of it was making me sick. I was ready to accept any critic about me not having enough courage to write something like that, but i swear to God i didn’t want anyway to write something like that. Also, i can’t ignore the fact that Giorno was probably the one who should have killed Fugo and i was sure that something like that might have disappointed my young readers.
This is why the goodbye scene at the quay of San Giorgio Maggiore on the Canal Grande in Venice happened, when Fugo leaves the scene (after that, thank to the release of the novel about Vento Aureo, and with the help of the author of it, i was able to explain how Fugo, even after he left, was still able to help the organization and his friends.).
STILL no elf rape
I want to fuck that detached torso
What comes to mind
rich girl ready to the tie the knot
doesn't do it asap
What comes to mind, you fucking pervert?
That one doujin where Kodaka uses Sena as an onahole while Yozora sits on Sena's face and has a lovey dovey make out session with Kodaka
perfect tits
breasts envy
tfw no big titty lolicon gf
pisses herself
canonically a virgin 
used goods
tfw lifting to get shredded like Gs
SD
makes me wonder if it has a tendency to fail because the target fucks the priestess instead. 
https://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?id=31878392
refers to her chest as a 
Cute Priestess
She became Genji
no helmet
Upgraded version
''you told me to do what i wanted''
focus on eating the cherry
the innuendo from SM and the way priestess was naked on bed
demon lords killed by Sword Maiden (1)
demon lords killed by Priestess (0)
goblin lords gobbed Sword Maiden (1)
goblin lords killed by Priestess (1)
unironically liking this shitty character
tfw no cute elf wife
Anon Purityfag
Convinces priestess to marry them
Wedding night and after some wholesome religious reluctance she agrees to do lewd things with her husband
Missionary position, fully clothed with handholding solely for procreation
Anon goes in
Insertion breaks hymen
Anon immediately pulls out after 2 seconds.
"GET OUT OF MY BED YOU FUCKING WHORE."
Priestess leaves and Anon slams the door with her crying
Anon files for divorce the next day
transexuals are the most bro-tier species in OP
commits a mistake 
lets it alive for almost 40 mins
 she's still virgin i tell ya. they didn't have sex. she was naked because reasons. hurr-durrr priestess is my waifu.
 there's translated page from vol. 8 that said Priestess is virgin
PERFECT LITTLE ASS
Implying it isn't the cleric.
GS say he also don’t want to get separated
she did, & marriage partner for her big sister
Will be nice isn’t? Become a bride.
Priestess can calm dragons
The whole "dragon bride" shit
cherry symbolize the innocents
she eat it in sexual way
Ask her to take off her socks
HURRDURRR THEY HAD SEX CUZ SHE WAS NAKED
being so obsessed about people not liking filthy whores that he has to make this kind of shit
she can feel moist sensation on her lower part
LP cast double Sword Claw
”Look, a rainbow”
She gets startled when GS suddenly whisper to her 

 私が楽しんでいる。。。？　。。。ま、いいか
 こいつらは死んでいい奴だから
The "the Priestess kills shaman with purify" was a lie
But the rainbow thing was true
Lizard interested in Elf
GS was healed
They stopped being crazy and dense respectively
They are happy together and she is even pregnant
The shock causes Priestess a miscarriage (is possible)
It also makes her see a vision that reveals the truth of her world (you are just a game and the gods are assholes that will always spawn gobs out of thin air)
only named character
Anonymous
Goblin Slayer saying more than 3 words and not using his helmet
GS thinking of Goblin
lizard priest already stealing ya waifu
Why is everyone in this story referred to by their profession?
part shitskin
part albino
You're so heavy now
Giant Hand from DOOM
Implying goblins can rape 2B
CG always grabs him.
Implying being led around on a leash by some rancid corpse who keeps your dick in a chastity cage is better than "muh savage chivalry."
CG
Proactive
Is Truth gonna have to build some retarded scenario to fuck them up?
Winning by any means necessary is better than losing by playing fair.
now
Now that a woman is in charge any means necessary is used to win the war from war crimes, chemical and biological warfare as well as gangraping night elf women and children while burning their city down.
some random sluts masquerading as DOOM GUY
sluts
s
breaking him more
Priestess didn't care if she broke him more.
LP retreat back and cast Heal, distributing it to all party.
These LN spoilers
wife
GS throw a joke at Priestess saying he know eight ways to kill goblin without sound
GS suddenly whisper to her 

Now.
Lizard Priest, Cheese Slayer
Did someone say cheese?
Do you have any cheese?
Cheese as payment is fine.
Next time I'd need cheese as well.
I am to the cheese what cheese is to me
naruto
anon gets ejected by girls so often that he fantasies about rejecting some girl
anon gets ejected by girls
entire party gets killed, priestess and elf gobbed
breaks his promise of ethical tactics and napalms the entire horse
never had friends before, and never lost any so horribly since his sister
has a true Venom Snake moment, breaks down on his knees in the ashes and screams
I'M NUUUUCLEAAAAAAAR, I'M WIIIIIIILD
Priestess shows GS her new attire "Does this look okay?"
"It looks great on you"
"Eh?" "Eh?" "WHAT THE HELL ORCBOLG!?"
Priestess and GS are out on the field
"We'll rest here. I'll keep watch."
GS stares at Priestess' sleeping face
GS stares at Priestess' sleeping face for 10 hours
Morning comes
"You look awful! Did you see any goblins?"
"...I'm not sure."
Priestess sleeps putting her head on his shoulder as usual
GS subconsciously started rubbing her shoulder, then arms, and stop before going further
His eyes glow, staring at his own hand, wondering what the fuck he just did
competitor
NTR
Priestess covered with blood after treating the wounded take a rest at GS’ shoulder, GS also take a nap, closing both his eyes.
GS also take a nap, closing both his eyes.
closing both his eyes
g*ild girl

Elf 
"Bless the protector of the night, bring him happiness.”
But she spoke only to one.
“I pray to the distant sky, I offer my petition...”
 mob psycho 100
ONE did it better
shounen
Takaki-san was also asked about the “mysterious white light” that is normally used in animation (and it’s starting to be used for games as well, recently). He feels that for anime specifically, with the upcoming Olympic games it’s a pretty harsh period, on top of worries about children watching them. In such circumstances, the genre has been driven out little by little. That being said, there are still fans who want to see this kind of anime, and Takaki-san’s team still wants to create them, so they need to figure out on how to make it work well.
https://twinfinite.net/2018/12/senran-kagura-7even-ps4/
https://akiba-souken.com/article/37376/picture/790327/
literally america's lapdog
red fugo cheese suit
plankton inhabiting a dead girl's body 
the subtle green under her armpits
breasts
Can't appreciate a handsome man
This triggered by the mere presence of an unattractive man
 anime/manga making fun of faggots
 hurr durr I can´t stand this gay shit
op likes little boys over many men
OPs masculinity is too frail to have a gay macho man on screen 
mob psycho
not gay
cries rhino as rei lays on the floor wheezing out his broken ribs
implying she can't be gentle and strong willed
waifus
implying they're mutually exclusive
waifus
having multiple waifu
waifus
gentle, meek, weak-willed girls are annoying to tip-toe around, and either are lowkey extremely vain and prone to talking shit behind people's backs or are literally so lacking in self-esteem that any compliment that isn't praise to the heavens has her wondering what she did wrong
strong-willed and brazen girls are a step up from the mild saps, but tend to be too fucking upfront or troublesome. Still can be charming, and are likelier to be actually good and stable people than the first type I mentioned.
gentle and strong-willed
bleach
tfw you had to piece together a series by downloading .rmvb files from Limewire
watersports
bestiality
Bible Black
that Eva doujin anime
episode you wanted finally shows up and it's subbed in Portuguese
watching most of one piece on a ipod touch
youtube
that Eva doujin anime
kys
Eva doujin anime
characters look off model all the time unless it's a still shot
different seiyuus
fingers locket
closes his eyes and takes a deep breath
looks out the window into the vast emptiness of space
"If only Kircheis were here..."
soap opera
"MMA fight"
that one with the 2 ninja girls and the shota
pages of voluptuous bodies followed by the disgusting detail of the men's faces
inverted nipples 
huge dick
no balls
OP makes shitposting thread
Think im not just gonna post whatever i want 
not wanting beauty contrasted and smeared by pure uglyness



Someone expressing their dislike for something is the same as telling other people to stop enjoying it
finding raitabortions sexy
tfw I want a brown mommy with inverted nipples and a huge dick without balls
reddit/discord tier reaction image
yikes
cheif
dude80s
Muscle
Mil
futa
pregnant
evil
Dies Irae fag calling himself an adult
criticize the newest Strawhat
Be Sanji.
Establish that one of the core principles of your character, the foundational purpose for being a chef, is to not allow people to starve.
So focused in this belief, you refuse to use your hands for almost anything not related specifically to cooking - especially fighting.
In Wano, too busy and focused on feeding the already-well-fed healthy masses of wealthy beautiful women and not helping at all in the efforts to relieve the starvation of the greater general mass of the poisoned less-wealthy.
So starved and poisoned-to-death that we were shown a panel of two parents about to commit murder-suicide to release their family from their anguish.
yfw it was all one samefagging autistic retard
man, I try not to hate Sanji
Sanji should go make himself known as a chef on the town where Luffy just revealed himself and tried to save.
The canon manga shows Ace didn't have arnament.
instead of feeding the starving people now and completely ruin your captain's (ally's) plan you instead further your captain's agenda of ridding the entire island of evil so that the starving people won't need saving from their hunger
sleeps only two hours per day?
Databook/Fanbook
Vivrecardfag silent.
Oro thread, message pinned the by mod. Here's the article
gets to
no episode
Fucking whore Nami
Why would a Jinbro care?
Sweet aftertaste 
Zoro has been useful
headcanon: the post
calls someone a dumbass
Zoro has been useful
I don't get her whole purpose at all?
WINCE
~crack
the drawn manga, which shows him using CoA
Sanji has opened a popular resturaunt and all he gets is criticisms
Zolo blocks one arrow
Sanji has opened a popular resturaunt and all he gets is criticisms.
Oda shits on Zoans
Strongest being in the world is Zoan
stronges WB commander is zoan.
ex-fleet admiral is zoan
Titanic captain is zoan
Implying Roger wasn't the cook.
jobbing to a vice admiral that isn't garp
bitching like a literal autistic walrus because the Vivre Cards are Canon from Oda and you got BTFO being some retard saying Ace has CoA+CoO which is HEADCANON
wrong: the post
inb4 bounty means strength
Is she the last 3rd eye or no and do you need to be pureblooded because if that's the case Pudding would never have the ability.
Luffy himself said Zoro is useless
pudding is the last of her tribe
she doesn't need to be pureblood
what possible reason could Oda give one of Luffy's rival's access to reading the poneglyphs so they can be viable contenders for one piece.




cope
Sanji has been a joke since Thriller Bark or arguably Enies Lobby.
crew member is about to die
WAHHH WHY CAN'T I SEE YOUR TITS AS YOU DIE?
Big Mom ever having an acual chance of getting the One Piece
nami
glasses
name + glasses
Even Zoros waifu is in Sanjis harem
doesn't say anything about pudding being the last member of her clan
doesn't confirm whether awakening is even possible
sperging retard
pudding is the last *known three-eye
pudding is the last known three-eye
pudding is the only known three-eye
/Dark Piece/
pudding will get tortured by Queen after Kaido kills Big Mom until she reads the Poneglyphs
Shiryu will kidnap Pudding in Wano and get tortured nub Devon until she something something poneglyphs 
who's to say there isn't a secret island of three-eyes?
it’s sana 
ace can use any form of haki other than CoK
and then died slowing Akainu,
Whitebeard can use CoO.
Shown blocking magma.
ace has CoA
can easily be
O MY STAMINA
O MY SNAKEMAN
Photo Op day.
ace has CoA
trusting a spinoff made by some random more than oda
a dead mans ability will be updated
ace has CoA
approves the novel in which Ace learns CoA and uses it
now makes vivre cards in which Ace only has CoC 
using Mangapanda’s notoriously terrible and blatantly wrong mistranslations
oda is a speedreader
I don't have access to better scans 
Mangadex has all the Viz scans
SEETHING because Ace only has CoK
SEETHING because the Vivre Cards are Canon by Oda
seething
the things that the animators don't know, but don't think will be revealed.
the things that the animators don't know but do think will be revealed.
seething
Lied his way into something
I guess I could see something like a European knight
Manga story is about 80%
Too early
samefagging HunterNPC
CoK
I'm pretty sure it's ending with Carrot
Ace has CoA
The guy says only samurai are allowed to carry swords
ask us who #11 in the crew will be 
commence to tell us it will be the furry
cherry picking that time he was forced to kick Luffy away due to Big Mom's threats
ShikiNPC is HunterNPC
still getting baited by the brainlet hunterdrone shitposting because he got his headcanon called out a thread ago
that cover story where a child was climbinb jinbe's back with a "10" on his shirt
this colorspread where carrot has an "11" disguised as a chinese character on her leg
being this new
would have been neat. 
I never thought he'd join, but Kyros kind of struck me as different enough in fighting style from Brook and Zoro.
I do hope we don't get another samurai in the crew when we already have Zoro.All the Strawhats are distinctively different from each other in how they fight.
corrected his error.
inb4 magmafaggotry dickwanking the jobber who got wrecked by WB
Admirals are equal to Yonkou
If Mihawk actually is Yonko level
1 Yonkou took on literally the entire marine force + all vice admirals + all 3 admirals + Garp + Sengoku
the Yonkou ripped apart their homebase in a furious rage the second he no longer had any reason to hold back to protect his precious son anymore
the narrative makes it clear
blackbard was a yonko pre-timeskip
1 Yonkou took on literally the entire marine force + all vice admirals + all 3 admirals + Garp + Sengoku
inb4 magmafaggotry dickwanking the jobber who got wrecked by WB
akainufag riling up the WBCucks again
You mean when Akainu had to go up against a concentrated and angry WB who was massively injured, he got his shit utterly kicked in?
And the only times he caused damage to WB were when he was caught off guard and dying of fucking cancer?
shanks cant-
blocks your path and sits every single marine down like a faggot bitch including the mangajobber
Shanks offers to fight.
Mihawk talks shit and refuses.
Mihawk is Yonko tier
I'm in a bad mood... are you here to challenge me?
n-no, w-who'd want to fight a one armed man anyway?
Mihawk thinks he's so far above the yonko he can casually kill them to the point of a fight not even offering a challenge
hurting your WG snitch
Is Zoro the Jack of the SH's? he is always bullied and looked down on by the other members.
Oda's drawn a lot of parallels between Roger's crew and Luffy's crew and between Luffy's crew and BB's crew. Not saying they'll be an exact match but they serve as sort of reflections of Luffy's crew
Blackbeard and Luffy: Both have amazing willpower and leadership abilities but Teach is a backstabbing coward when he needs to be, whereas Luffy is honorable and courageous to a fault.
Van Augur and Usopp: Both are excellent snipers but Van Augur is one of the calmest characters in the series, whereas Usopp is fueled by his emotions. 
Shiryuu and Zoro: Pretty much the same thing as Usopp and Van Augur. Both great swordsmen but Zoro is a hot-blooded hero and Shiryuu is a cold-blooded killer. 
Burgess and Sanji: Both have strong wills and care deeply about their nakama. Both tend to be punching bags who absorb punishment for everyone else. Burgess is masculine and crude though, whereas Sanji is effete and refined. 
disguised
period from 5-7 a.m.
early morning
Where is your proof that Akainu is stronger than Kizaru?
last week, joyboy gets copyright blitzed by shueisha alomst losing his channel
this week, joyboys car gets stolen and found broken down on the opposing side of the highway
it'll be very useful
My point was that Kizaru purposely let Luffy live in Marineford.
sword powers?
faceless eceleb
totalled his car for attention
tfw you know San Juan will show up in Wano because San Juan Bautista was the first 500 ton Warship Japan ever got.
kizaru could have killed all of the supernovas on sabaody
failed to capture a single one
Akainu hurt WB badly
says, Rayleigh was able to cut his face against his will, so he is around that same level. My point was that Kizaru purposely let Luffy live in Marineford.
SFX: ...
gives him the properties of photons
ywn have a cute mink Nakama to innocently nibble your ear
stop time
water molecules freeze in place and essentially become solid
he just walks on it instead
3D2Y
but the fact that he can enhance the physical properties of his body makes it completely nonsensical and broken
a dragon and a beastmaster
registration closed
A man's dream will never die!
That's why Law was able to split Vergo in half but not Doflamingo
But it worked on Kizaru without Apoo even using Haki anon so your point is rather...?
Nothing suggests Law's cuts can be stopped by anything aside from being too quick for Law.
tfw no pantyhose gf like mai
tfw no bitchy gf like Saki
bland character whose only purpose is to remind us every time that she's older than the literally me MC and that he has lewd thoughts about her
best girl of the season
not wanting a cute witty girl.
Please say something nice about her, and appreciate her cuteness, her beauty, and her bestness.
more suffering episode
this scene
that ost
Gayman
LGTB 
Yuta gets a erotic scene with Akane
Yuta gets a date with Akane
calendar showed april when rikka went to the infirmary
the question is who
Gridman appaearing in all the reflections. 
Akane trying to tempt them with her idealic dream world
Gridman is reflected in the tombstone of Tonkawa, which reminds Yuuta of the reality of her actions and what he must do
"don't be fooled, yuta. she is not what she thinks she is, or what she wants you to think she is. she murders innocents for her own amusement. you have a duty to bring her to justice; no more victims."
Rikka was calling for Yuta after rejecting Akane
Utsumi was calling for Yuta after rejecting Akane
Tonkawa
trying to perform inception in the first level of dream
rikka treats yuta with aloofness and annoyance 
akane treats him with care and affection in the same scenario
Yuta passes out
Rikka doesn't rush him to a hospital right away
Yuta, Utsumi and Rikka pass out
just leave them on the couch, they probably don't need a doctor or anything
tfw no akane gf
shitposting so hard you literally can't even keep what you're replying to straight
Precure
Akane will never invite you over to her house to give her your "special dog"
t. bitter franxxfag
That's why she's so amoral, she literally doesn't know any better
That's why she can survive a fall from the sky
That's why she loves kaijuu so much and hates the heroes that destroy them
That's why she's seemingly got no family
That's why she isn't in the class photo from the OP
That's why she's inside Junk in the last shot of the OP
That's why she's so lonely, she protected the humans for so long and yet no one cared for her
That's why she so desperately wants people to like her and love her
Precure having particular direction
Rikka was distant, whined about taking him to the hospital, told him they weren't even friends, left him alone in his house without doing anything
hating hew
have to wait two weeks to finally get any resolution to yuta and rikka subplot
[Aoi Kajitsu plays in the background]
Akane was giving Yuta what he wanted. Rikka was distant, whined about taking him to the hospital, told him they weren't even friends, left him alone in his house without doing anything. Akane did the exact opposite. That's the point.
THIS FUCKING EPISODE
I'm convinced that Alexis' demeanor is just a ruse in order to keep Akane under his thumb
What's his endgame? Is he using her negativity as fuel for something or some shit? He doesn't seem to care too much about her losing and just wants her to keep churning out Kaiju over and over.
saving the villainess by giving her the dick
Synopsis of the next episodes:
Episode 10: 
Episode 11: 
Episode 12: 
some dumb robot anime
CAN'T WAKE UP
the robot in the mirror nods his head
Let me bring Yuta to a cemetery where he might see a name he recognizes
Let me bring Rikka over my place and show her my alien
Let me make Utsumi think he actually has a chance at fucking a girl
no Yurucamp or Pop Team Epic anywhere
No, it's literally in the interview.
"No Akane, you were the kaijus"
XXX will switch sites to help Gridman, so either Akane or her Shota are going to become good near the end.
I don't get why volleyball girls grave meant so much to Yuta anyway. Did he even give a single fuck when she died?
He still seems far too obsessed with killing Gridman since it's his only purpose
There's no way all of these good things happening to me at once is real
tfw relate to Utsumi
She's literally the thing that vulcanized the Gridman Alliance.

 realize it's a dream
 still fuck her because why the hell not
 then decide to wake up afterwards
Form an alliance because they don't want anyone else like Tonkawa to die and be erased from everyone's memory
Yuta learns that she killed Tonkawa because of a fucking hotdog
She invited him to eat at Tonkawa's restaurant as if she didn't fucking murder her
"Hurrr why should he care"
Form an alliance because they don't want anyone else like Tonkawa to die and be erased from everyone's memory
she's a Kaiju crafter
in the virtual world
on a 1 sq mile fake city
she does it for free
she takes her "job" very seriously
she deletes NPCs she doesn't like whenever she gets upset
she will never move out of Alexis' house
she will never know how to prepare anything besides a special doggu
she will never have a Yuta bf
she will never have any friends
The hell is up with these semantics?

Practically promised sex, and hes all "no way fag"
See this shot
Think "What the hell is he talking about. This same shit happened before"
Realize that HE REALIZED that she was only after more information about Yuta
This bitch would only ever talk to him about the same hobby if she's after something else
Girls would only touch him because they want to poke his fat stomach
she will never know how to prepare anything besides a special doggu
she will never have a Yuta bf
she will never have any friends
understands that no romance is better than ham-fisted, fake romance.
In hibiki's dream Akane says and does all the things Rikka wants to but didn't
In Rikka's dream she and Akane swap places
In nerd's dream it's basically the same as when they met before, except she isnt trying to phish for info about Hibiki so it was nice for both of them
Why didn't they search for the others before?
Her being is major trigger this episode seems odd.
In Rikka's dream she and Akane swap places
People are so strange at thinking the gravestone just represented one person. It represents everyone Akane's actions have harmed.
On some level she might also want to be what Rikka is to Yuta right now.
That shot of Tonkawa's grave completely separating Akane from Yuta
Akane saw Rikka with Yuta and had a meltdown and isolated herself
Let me bring Rikka over my place and show her my alien
Who fucking knows at this point?
Rikka is angry about what Yuta forgot in the first episode
Akane self-inserts herself into the exact same situation and claims they're dating
Also switches her own role with Rikka's in Rikka's fantasy
Also switches her own role with Rikka's in Rikka's fantasy
Why do you think Gridman was flashing on Tonkawa's grave?
overthinking Yuta's feelings about Tonkawa
anti in human form can jump high enough to punch a kaiju in the face
kane self-inserts herself into the exact same situation and claims they're dating
kaiju-like flower bud
flower bud
Akane's name comes from the common adder, a type of plant
final ep has alexis vs gridman
they break through the digital roof the city has
shit turns out to be the OG gridman set for real
its live action
a real toku fight with OxT's remix of the original op caps off the show
I just don't know how to explain it in more detail to get you to understand
Akane steals Rikka's place in the dream
Akane now has Rikka's mom
and her friends
and her boyfriend
series is literally name gridman
it's not important who he is
It's important to Yuta.
You seem to think there's a misunderstand here or that I missed something about the series.
You seem to think that a character who got maybe five total lines of focus in the entire series which is composed of thousands of lines is a strong plot point and was a good choice for his major trigger.
and have flash backs to him time with Utsumi and Rikka when they were investigating the people who died. 
*word*
See how Yuta reacts to being brought to the restaurant and how Akane explains why she killed her.
he sees the name
Maybe you just didn't recognize the name, so the moment was lost on you.
speedwatching
who in his mind was linked to the start of the Gridman Alliance
Nobody said she did you dumb nigger.
self awareness 
the guy's
of course it's you
I said she's enough to trigger it
This amount of backpedaling
yet she's the only missing person he asked Akane about
I'm sorry that a very simple premise is too complicated for you
doesn't mean he forgot about her
deluded
There is no reason to think he forgot about her
You clearly don't understand because you think that she's not an adequate memory trigger given all of this.
dodge things like how they just randomly showed up in the cemetery and the totally pointless watch.
Irrelevant circumstances used to try to change the subject
You don't have to consciously think about something for it to trigger your memory
no one said otherwise
The villains are supposed to be shit! Shiggy will get better!
All might and AFO going to jail is the beginning of a new world!
Stain and AFO will cause a jail break since Hori showed them!
already
the savagery of women
I love you but if a more muscular douchebag who beats me comes along I'm leaving you until he leaves me.
There were a handful that thought Eri and Kota would meet when the Pussycats visited UA.
The same that think Muscular will fight Rappa. 
love attractive assholes who treat them like shit
when the Pussycats visited UA
4channel agrees with Tumblr. 
what happened to them and Ragdoll after she lost her quirk.
Kamikek self inserters
so does she like Kaminari and would like Bakugou more if Bakugou likes Jirou
Every single recommended student ended their match unconscious 
We also needed to resolve pic related
Bakugo got back at 1B for the mushroom choking and building falling by permanently blinding lizard slut 
Please get well soon so I can thank you in person
Nepotism, the image
smart enough to split her body up into 50 separate pieces and finely control each and every one to her exact desires
not smart enough to detect an exploding, screeching retard until he's right next to her
not smart enough to close or shield her eyes
Tokoyami a bird but Tsuyu not a frog
 mob psycho 100 
My Boku no Hero
bang
literally approaching with multiple explosions
still didn't notice because of an attack she'd already avoided
Aliens
I guess...I was the one who changed too much...
mfw pic related 
mfw Jirou is Stocking because they're both sad goth girls with purple hair and the two characters play in a band together
Threw himself in front of the others anytime danger was present 
Made a clutch move and broke Bakugo out of Awase's trap 
Captured Bondo
only eat breakfast , then work for 22 hours straight, sleep for 2 hours, eat breakfast.
starve for 31 hours afterwards.
turds
retarded
jirou and satou got one (1) grenade each
there are three (3) explosions



beast with his eyes on the prize
Jiro and Sato replace Cuckinari and Kirishima 
Sato not only doesn't job but actually does good 
Barely any Satoposting
mfw deku will job so hard next chapter
liking deku
FemHawks
because i'm a dekufag
Kouda
development

Deku intentionally gets mind controlled and jobs to hell and back thinking there's no real consequence to do that now
boring
beta
Ryo and Bakugou share the same VA, thry get into a screaming match about who can make a better curry
Megumi and Deku are both blubbering, insecure,shy idiots
Nikumi and Cami team up to fluster the shit out of everyone
Nakiri and Bakugou compete to see who can be the best blonde tsundere
How can you hard counter punching harder?
I like MHA
How can you hard counter punching harder?
tfw this could have been a feel good filler arc about the kids going through their day to day routines, maybe some funny and romantic shenanigans here and there before the manga gets serious again
instead we get a filler arc filled with boring ass, pointless fighting
boring ass, pointless fighting
feel good filler arc
He would be mumbling an entire commentary on students' quirk as they go about their exam
thinking that would be writing Deku out instead of giving him a new challenge to mix it up
even in Christmas fanart, Bakugou is in bondage
Bakugo did well. Especially when he told his teammates to shut up and let you think for them. It's really helpful in this course and you should all be more like Bakugo somehow.
class 1A takes a bit of a story break
tfw this could have been a feel good filler arc about the kids going through their day to day routines, maybe some funny and romantic shenanigans here and there before the manga gets serious again
It's a reference to the "Ganriki Neko" clothing brand depicted in an omake in MHA Volume 19, which has cutesy deformed cat face on it similar to Deku's face in the Ganriki Deku picture.
who's the big girl
MHA is a japanese vrsion of the X-Men
Mina gets to nut on this face
a perfect Mei.
This arc will likely be more than 30 chapters long
Deku gets to nut on that face
Confirmed pure
Slut
Cammy can give you fantasies.
Tokage can please 50 guys at the same time.
Mina burns your dick with acid.
She wanted Deku so bad she failed her license exam to try to get the D
Mina is cutest
freak mutant that’s dumb
Sharp tooth body splitter who can detach for some hot sex
smoke and mirrors loser who’s even more of an airhead
WOW HE MIMICKED THIS GUYS VOICE TO GIVE US AN OPENING
THERES NO WAY WE COULD HAVE WON IF WE HAD LITERALLY ANYONE ELSE WITH A QUIRK THAT DOES SOMETHING INSTEAD OF SOMEONE WHO DISTRACTED A DUDE FOR A SECOND
BnHA thread
https://boards.fireden.net/_/search/image/LO5BuzYePgZSidDkLIvQFQ/
giving a fuck about gaijin VA
all might suffering
LoV will break in
Shiggy will go for AFO, Dabi/Spinner will go for Stain
They'll reconvene together
Stain will either know or find out AFO put an end to All Might
Stain will be Stain and do some BS to stab AFO in the heart
In his weakened state, it'll be fatal
AFO will accept it as the perfect chance to finally pass his role on to shiggy fully
AFO will give Shiggy his quirk and all the quirks he's stored up
Shiggy will be super unstable, but still in his OP rage he'll kill Stain
This'll all happen within earshot of ALL OF TARTAROS
All the biggest criminals in Japan will see Shiggy using AFO to annihilate Stain
Most will choose to join the LoV and follow Shiggy
They'll retreat and Shiggy will go into hiding to master AFO and all the quirks
sweaty losers still believe this
most of the girls in this manga are pretty stacked too
bakufujos shitting the thread
mad slut lovers stay mad
complaining about pepe 
Momo really, really needs to be given a win.
guy who has life
watches superhero anime
has a life
watches anime in general 
Hey Juzo, did you see Tsuburaba? He was suposed to hand in that essy for our presentation
Yeah, they just found him 5 underground encased in cement; don't know how he got there, but he had a suicide note on him saying it'll be done tomorrow I swear
How do you know what his suicide note said if they just found him?
the lights finally turning on upstairs
uses guns
cooler
tfw we will never get sniper Mei
western influence is go----
yeah but the anime doesn't directly contribute to the funds
why doesn't it look same
That's what happens when you make a sequel burgers with toonami/adultswim nostalgia asked for.
liking pseudo intellectual bullshit
because western media is in its death throes
haha this is going to get me so many (You)s
western influence is go----
Budget is definited as cost of producing a typical episode of an anime series
wtf man lol yor retardeddded xD lmao
Really the BD/DVD sales are just there to try and make the studio break even at the very least.
I never want to see Big O get any sort of revival.
these two braindead generations.
no tbf
goblin slayer
steins gay
western influence
two scenes that serve completely different purposes in plot have completely different styles of execution
VEG
inb4 didnt have any
Deep is always good
I love deep show and my deep thought about deep things !
visits 4chan
go----
Sayaka friendship gang
exploring new school
Kiyondo friendship gang
Byakuya and Toko
Alter Ego
Kiyondo resurrection
infighting/Sakura betrayl
Disappearance of Alter Ego
Shuichi friendship gang
Escape Path of Despair
Mysterious Rantaro stuff
Himiko converting to Atua
Insect Meet and Greet (would last a whole episode)
Kaito workouts
the entire cult shit
Maki and Kaito friendship
the rest of the cult shit
"I'm sick of your lies man!"
literally all the Kokichi shit would last 2-3 episodes
longest investigation and trial in the series
had to go to desu to get the pic
Expecting a !not-harem to havea well written character or a good story. 
So does that mean his exp bonus is gone now?
Liaris Freese: Fast growth as long as feelings last
Fast growth as long as feelings last. The strength of the effects correspond with the level of the user's feelings 
hey as long as you maintain those feelings you get a boost, if you feel strongly you get a bigger boost
So whenever Bell catches up to his target he can swap his feelings to another stronger target and keep his bullshit level boost forever.
He later gets a skill whose basic function "If you are in a bad situation, this skill will instakill anything". It's even a fucking laser beam. Are you fucking kidding me!?
he yearns to be a hero
His skill
bell is bullied
arm gets cut off
arm gets reattached a minute later
meanwhile your standard redshirt adventurers get killed in droves and no one cares
t. anime only
L-Lord Bejita sama, please kiss my dear old wife!
Jirenfags are still being obnoxious faggots
T-TOPPO SAMA!? I-I WAS JUST LEAVING!
NO YOU WERENT
I welcome it! After all, you know far more about Dragon Ball than I do! (laughs)
no Shintani art
no Takahashi art
no girlfriend

When she sees the grey dick
Bejita sama...my wife...kiss her
the next arc will use my fanspiction I promise
SSJGJ
while the rest of the U6 team would have been steamrolled by Cell
Jiren was weaker than Fused Zamasu
Cell could have beaten the shit out of Zamasu and Black as we first saw them.
f-freeza sama....p-p-please stop rapping me
Zamasu is literally swaping hands with post BoG SS2 Goku.
SS1 Goku before BoG can one shot perfect cell in image training
headcanon
literally screencaps from the show
underage brolytard SEETHING
rapping
while the rest of the U6 team would have been steamrolled by Fat Buu or even Cell. Cell could have beaten the shit out of Zamasu and Black as we first saw them
the show
Imagine training isn't reflective of actual power,
screenshots from the non-canon Toei fanspiction
no argument
y-y-yes f-freeza sama. i'm sorry. m-my mistake. i-i-i like it
tardku needing another form to beat chadgeta
brolytards trembling in fear and running away just like their pathetic character 
semantics
A-A-Anime is not canon
fights the "limit breaking form of the gods" that masters and angel-tier technique
still comes out on top
uses nothing but pure and simple power, speed and skill
no arguments
You have to be pretty dumb to think Goku is not 50% stronger in BoG than in the Cell arc
The absolute state of Cucklyfags
can't even mount an argument
Brolyfags in shambles
mfw booking tickets for the UK showing
conveniently ignoring the fact that Beerus told them not to fuse because they'll both get eliminated
Kekly LITERALLY compared to yamcha 
STRONGEST OPPONENT GOKU AND VEGETA HAVE EVER FACED
that one SEETHING brolytard itt
Not an argument.
Majin vegeta would curbstomp ss2 gohan.
Post Buu arc goku is massively stronger than in the cell arc.
Meanwhile chadren is Beyond all GoDs
Skill alone
cuckly "might" be stronger than shitrus
Chadren is stronger than all GoD's without even going Limit-Break Desnudo
stronger than one GoD=/=stronger than all GoDs
non-canon Mexicanime
Brolyfags having a literal meltdown because their hero jobbed hard to someone Fused Zamasu could handle better
Stronger than the GoD who took the least damage, though skill alone
Argument from incredulity

If he went serious he could take multiplie GoDs at once
mightiest vs mightiest in the gogeta trailer
Bullshit, they didnt fuse cause they hate that, if they had no other choice you can bet your ass fusion would happen, while in the movie they literally had no choice, since they couldnt do shit to SS Broly
I wouldn't say Trunks was fodder to Dabura, just a tough fight
Also remember, it's a different timeline, strengths are different, like 17/18.
What was stated in the manga is not an argument
multiple sources
V-jump only
ad magazine
the same one that portrayed him jobbing against a SSB
same one claiming Kefla is the strongest fusion
Strongest opponent they've ever faced
Whis
imma call it headcanon that automatically proves his logic wrong, except i have to prove it's headcanon before i do that... ah fuck it submit post anyways
Beerus
stronger than Jiren
Burden of proof 
literally stating what happens in the manga
making conclusion based on that
Beerus
stronger than Jiren
Belmod is too weak to fight Beerus and Quitela head-on so he had to pretend to be KO'd
t-that means h-he could b-beat all the other GoDs at once I swear my fanspiction says so
Belmod is too weak to fight Beerus and Quitela
Super is canon therefore the super anime is not canon
s-see h-he put them in energy bubbles
still has to pretend to be KO'd like a bitch
Still you seething and grasping at straws pretending goku and vegeta got trillions of times stronger since Black
m-muh trailer
lacking reading comprehension
Blind cuckrenfags cant tell a still where both characters are in an attack pose against each other and not one character beating another
f-fuck you 
m-my headcanon
attack pose
reeling back in pain
He has to pretend to be KO'd because my headcanon says he is weaker than 2 GoDs he let them tire themselves out!!! even though he took them head on at the start
you will never have cowboy gogeta walking through a dusty cloud towards broly as no doubt dont speak is playing for classic early 00s amv shenanigans
this thread
throwing cards at them while holding them in energy balls=/=taking them head on
your thread
buzzwords in place of arguments
vegeta getting defeated by a literal toddler
dog repeats itself like a broke record
Akira Toriyama doing the original story for the manga
reeling in pain
So blind he cant see how broly is moving forward against goku with arms stretched
Toriyama is doing the original story for the manga so it's different from the anime
BECAUSE Toriyama is doing the original story, the MANGA is different from the ANIME
Can you speak english at all?
asking a Toeipaco if it can speak English
Grand Tour
Baby Kefla will never empty your fridge
WHICH FUCKING CAME FIRST
/future-trunks-arc-
Literally prelude arc for ToP without any consequences
my name is urine
m-muh KUNSESHUN
literally nothing
c-concession
my promotional magazine says my promotional comic book is canon huhuhuhuhuhuhuhuh
literally detransforms from shock
everyone goes "what the fuck was that move?"
kai says "for jiren, that's just a simple punch"
literally promotion for the ANIMATED movie
What a waste.
humble farmer who trains on the side
cuckliflas dub voice
A literal ad book for canon material
Being so new that you weren't here for the XV2 kefla VA reveal
Toyopedros getting BTFO mercilessly
Let's hope we at least get some cute slice of life episodes with them, then.
p-please dont bash me for my weird ass headcanon
people think that promotional material calling someone "the strongest evar!!!!111" means shit in power level faggotry: the series where americans and mexicans will freak the fuck out and boycott if the latest baddie of the month isn't hailed as the most strongest worldendingest threat that all existence has ever faced
successful 
in cell, buu, and beyond, its all just the same cycle of "bad guy shows up, new hero/form shows up and fucks him up, new bad guy shows up, new hero shows up, new bad guy shows up" where villains dont get enough staying power
eating seeded fruit with no teeth
t.stoicfag
top-tier
qt3.14
Dicasty
top-tier DB qt3.14 while
soians.
literal potato
Based baby got it all under control
spics unironically think this art looks good
I want her to shit in my mouth, maybe with a sparkle of tape worm too.
posts SSBE
438 posts
72 Posters
Cuckhan fags still SEETHING about 17 being stronger
”Merus senpai please kiss my wife for me!”
23:07:02 No.181505165
23:07:04 No.181505167
Literally names it using his headcanon
no official name yet
Super Saiyan Blue is not an upgraded form of God, but akin to a flaring of power like the Kaioken where you can use up your energy in a short burst to achieve heights beyond anything you normally could, like a bright star burning blue, but after a period of time your body would break down and become weak.
Super Saiyan God remains the base transformation for Super, and instead of upgrading its NUMBERS, Goku and Vegeta would instead learn to utilize differently abilities through application of it, like regenerating themselves or other more bizarre methods of fighting
So God is the tricky, versatile form while Blue is the climactic all-or-nothing form for the arc-ending clash
Breastfeeding on the big screen
no official names
i-i-it not SSBE I swear
Would you have preferred this to what we got, or kept things how they are with power progression?
blue
in a manga
original=exclusive
still seething it’s not sparkly or Kaioken99999
dumb spic resorts to fanart
s his hair dark blue?
Does it match Kaiokuck?
 eyes
The forms have to be exactly the same 
There’s no fucking Kaiokuck 
There is no SSBKaiokuck in the manga because it’s pure anime trash
SSB is canonically blue, it’s only “cyan” in the fucking fillipino garbage fanfiction cartoon 
Things /a/ circlejerk hates on but isn't actually that bad.
People to hate on what's overrated
overrated
Giving a shit about the canon ending.
latinx 
Things I need validation on liking
Artistry
Profit
#10: High Speed! -Free! Starting Days-
#9: Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid
#8: The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya
#7: Tamako Love Story
#6: K-ON!!
#5: A Silent Voice
#4: Sound! Euphonium
#3: Nichijou
#2: Hyou-ka
#1: Liz and the Blue Bird
he needs subs
12
dresses like a stripper slut
the leader
Past Freiza the show is absolute horse shit that I don't even consider head-canon.
caring about your grandpa's cartoons
stripper slut
in DBZ, where only fighting matters
so he just recycled her and threw her in DB.
i have leveled up
I must beat you by leveling up as well
this is my strongest attack
it was of no use
this is my other strongest attack
we defeated him
he has returned from the brink of death and become even stronger
this is my final strongest attack
we have won but at the cost of many friends
we're safe for now
some time passes and we bring our friends back
A NEW FOE APPEARS
we've been training like crazy and still don't have shit against this guy
In Z there are many mature themes that are explored
ut it had officially worn out its welcome by the Buu Saga.
enjoying powerlevel cocksucking
Bulma wants a girlfriend
Bulma should have stayed with Yamcha though. That will never not piss me off.
literally two incels.
all those cute little outfits she wears throughout the course of the series
Goku is the main character.
not chubby little chichi
Watching
Dragon Ball
Past Freiza the show is absolute horse shit
Everything from Raditz onward is very very different. I still somewhat like up until Freiza for different reasons as it is basically a different show.
Toriyama saw how huge Fist of the North Star is, and copied it.
The first chapter of DB is called "Bloomers and The Monkey King"
I think it's possible that she was the original MC
Pretty sure Toriyama "gave up" when DB becomes a powerlevel cashcow and are just raking in the money.
She also showed Roshi her lower parts without even knowing he had the Dragon Ball, in addition to offering Goku her body in exchange for one being her immediate strategy.
DBZ manga
RRA
Not 1st place
his lazy-but-cool style of writing was later interpreted as "utterly shallow and predictable storytelling" by Toei.
Piccolo Daimao
That low
Bulma is clearly the protagonist for the first part, the story is told from her perspective, and she initiates everything, and she's the focus of the ED. Goku is just the fighter of the squad.
That Goku and Piccoro were aliens opened a world of possibilities for the franchise.
like every side character being meaningless aside from Goku
Krillin's death
Goku seething, going to avenge him
Yajirobe's appearance
Daimao being badass as fuck
His whole backstory
Roshi ready to sacrifice his life to seal him
Daimao wishing for Eternal Youth and fucking killing Shenron
Him killing pretty much everyone of Goku's friends except for Tenshinhan
Beating the crap outta Goku like 2 times IIRC
Literally ruling the world and making May 9th Piccolo Day
Goku finishing him off with an improvised Kamehameha fist move
Launch is in her 60's by now
because of TFS
Who do you prefer: Bulma or Chi-Chi?
Toriyama:
To be honest, I’m really not fond of Chi-Chi as a character. (laughs) In the middle of the comic, I started to think, “I don’t want to draw her anymore,” and, sort of as a way of spiting myself, I decided, “you’ll have to draw her if she gets married to Goku, so marry them off!” So, I drew her as a kind of punishment. (laughs)
Nakatsuru:
So that was your reason behind it! (laughs)
Toriyama:
The women I draw all have the same sort of personality. I can’t draw gentle girls; I only know how to draw ones who are strong-willed.
thicc Maron 
Garlic Jr. which is a better villain than Cell 
Dragon Balls actually relevant
Garlic Jr. uses them and actually gains immortality
makes Gohan look good unlike his teen edgy cringy form in Cell saga
gives Krillin time to shine
gives Piccolo time to shine
they actually use strategy to beat the Spice Boys and Garlic Jr.
Kami and Popo are actually relevant and play an important part in the plot
the tone and fun of early DB, with a bit of a mix of the fights and creativity in moves up to the sayain saga, and the tensIon and sense of scale afforded only in Z
BU BU BU BU BUT TRUNKS SAID IN TEH MANGA THAT BULMA TOLD HIM YAMCHA CHEATED HER THEREFORE CANON!
TO TORIYAMA KNOWS WHAT HE DOES!
NO NEED TO SHOW IT!!!!
Literally not what he said
it turned from adventure manga to shounen
the tone and fun of early DB
mix of the fights and creativity in moves up to the sayain saga
the tensIon and sense of scale afforded only in Z
Launch will never sneeze while riding your dick
same bulma who was snotty, loud, obnoxious and overly jelous and possesive
same bulma who flirted general Blue
TrustBulma
Buu Saga isn't perfectly in tone with a gag manga
Buu Saga doesn't have creative moves
No tension
Yamcha
Ti-an and the midget
Piccolo
tried flirting with Blue

Piccolo
They ruined Vegeta first by not making him a villain. He should be an anti-hero at most, and have that villanous edge at most.
Piccolo was just a genetic clone
He probably killed dozens of people, at least.
collecting the dragon balls to wish for a boyfriend =/= hooking up with some guy who murdered her friends
He probably killed dozens of people
No, it's the tone of early DB.
robs multiple people in the desert of their supplies and money
almost certainly leaving them defenseless and open to starvation and heatstroke
"yamcha didnt kill anyone"
tfw want Dragonball on in the background while I do other shit but streaming services only offer subs for some reason
Maybe after being robbed one of his victims may have tripped on a log and died
Vegeta is clearly shown murdering countless people on screen
irredeemable
Being a warrior and killing your victim like a man is somehow less moral than stealing your victim's belonging and sentencing them to an inevitably slow and pitiful death
paying for anime
paying for digital anime
paying for (((services)))
actually wanting dubs
Implying I pay for anything let alone streaming services
It's a whining about Toriyama doesn't get Dragon Ball as good as retarded american fans who grew up only watching dubbed Z and think Goku is an hero of justice episode
both manga and anime literally start with goku training in the mountains and the narrator basically saying that goku is the protagonist
waah bulma is the protagonist meme
coming up with headcanon because you like projecting
having subs as background noise


Launch
Yamcha
Tien
Vegeta
your grandpa's cartoons
grandpa's
Past Freiza the show is absolute horse shit that I don't even consider head-canon.
what is this version of dragon ball?
should I watch 300 episodes (three fucking hundred)
or should I watch 115 episodes
Why does Japanese media like Japanese food?
onions sauce
Japanese food: The best most delicious and perfectly presented food on the planet
European:bland discusting weird generally uses isolated examples such as blood sausages and vegmite
Murican:Big giant ass burgers the size of peoples head
implying this isn't delicious
/a/
he's never had roast beef with sage and thyme, and onion gravy
but a shitload of spice on everything
good food
have to dig through 7 gallons of grease to get to the food
t. seething anglo
eating tomatoes not served on a sandwich
no hash browns
Beans and eggs are a match made in heaven.
onion sauce

he can't enjoy buttered carrots, or steamed asparagus with hollandaise

buttered carrots 
why does a xenophobic nation that's never even eaten food besides their own not like other people's food they've never eaten
this is shit poor people eat
onions sauce, miso and dashi
https://www.indiatoday.in/mail-today/story/delhi-street-food-test-restaurants-momos-contamination-291459-2015-05-29
the number one thing /a/ recalls from Flip Flappers is Cockona
the number one thing /a/ recalls from PriPri is Cheese's hatred of British cuisine
anime only shows characters eating stereotypical american food or something like fried chicken/fish
that the best Indian food is in America?
 leaving Hinduism for Islam
Cheap 0.5 usd food prolly served by bilal 99% of the time since muslims can't get a job due to inbreeding and lack of education
Muh hindu sucks
Reminder that they STILL deny Nanking massacre
Why does Japanese media like Japanese food?
So you went from a peaceful religion to a literal sand nigger hated across the world lmao.
Don't think Hinduism does not want to conquer the world
doesn't that mean you still have shit in your food no matter what because of the interconnected food economy
posting beachwear at this time of year
Ippo has finally crossed Takamura's line by punching a non-pro that's a kid
A live action Hollywood adaptation of something doesn't make the original magically go away.
So the Eva a lot of people grew up with is effectively being erased.
Giving a fuck about dubs
I own the originals so it doesn't matter if the company does future things I dislike
wah why do all new movies/games suck!
erasing past films/tv shows
There was a Death Note Netflix adaptation 
Check my externals
My downloaded Death Note copy is still there
My scanlated manga is still there 
I close my eyes and try to remember both the anime and the manga. The much or the few I remember about the story, the things that I liked about it, the things I disliked, why I liked L more than Light and so on
All of those memories and feelings are still there.
/a/ actually defending live action remakes of anime
Though nowhere near as bad as when Hollywood does it.
attack on titan is better than hollywood
Ass class is better than hollywood
kaiji is better than hollywood
ereased 
gantz
And its not like the west is free of cheesy acting in its anime reboots. Dragon Ball Evolution or Street Fighter ring a bell?
Evangelion's had a live action movie in the works for almost 16 years now
Overpopulation and widespread ecological destruction is threatening mankind's very sources of sustenance 
The future will be killed by some TV company adapting a japanese cartoon
Nothing wrong with representing color in anime
mob psycho and bleach get live actions 
they had next to no effect on their communities or on the source materials existance
mfw they try to make a live action Sailor Moon
2 friends are having a lighthearted bicker
the third person (usually a girl) who was in the bad mood previously starts to laugh
they both turn around with a confused look
character gets introduced
much more fun and interesting than the main cast
barely shows up again despite being plot relevant
weeks on end waiting for them to show up again
Are you excited for the next episode?
1889
Yugiri's episode
What I don't get is how the fuck Saki's best friend and gang partner could not recognize her.
she died in 1882 
Oh my, this person who I witnessed dying is right here, it must be a miracle and she was resurrected! Because that is a thing that happens constantly!
This show is so silly
Oh please, she barely did.
so he just left it ambiguous
dia de los muertos
dia de los muertos
those powerslide pictures from last thread
Maria will never canonically call Saki Saki-bachan
retards like you keep coming in and screaming how it's genius.
can't even post circle sign
Junko that low
Misa (vampire) will never suck your blood
zombies who are pretty.
so that they'd make a short anime, another season, and a movie.
visual novel
Tae is the prettiest.
Which route would you play
Then he'll teach you how to slowly awaken Tae for her route.
naming your idol group FOneTwoTwo
F122 Bremen-class frigates
impregnating a zombie
Can you even get them pregnant?
orange juice
orange juice
episode 1
Saki saves the day by screaming into the mic
episode 2
has amazing rap battle and looks hot as hell
episode 3
shows her motherly side with a child and shows her leadership cuteness
episode 4
hot spring shenanigans
episode 5
NICE BIRD
episode 6
comforts Ai in her time of need and tries to hold the team together
episode 7
puts on a great show, even Tae is starting to emulate her
episode 8
stands up for Lily
episode 9
demonstrates her best girl status for everyone to see with the best performance in the show being her own song
the Japs still hate Saki. Fucking explain this to me right now.
tfw no saki gf
Because Sakifags like you won't shut up about how awesome she is
speedwatching this hard
bashes Aifags out of nowhere
"can't you just get along with everyone?"
Yuugiri
bashes Aifags out of nowhere
netflix
田野：曲中の「fu fu-fu fu」や「夜露死苦」の掛け声とかも盛り上がれるしね。
moozeck kamon
Really?
You are never going to get a legendary and baka death like that
she'll fade into obscurity
Sakifags are the most obnoxious pieces of shit
Probably the best Saki lewd I have seen sofar.
Do they smell
she
literally asks her if she's Saki
saki-giving-takeo-the-stink-eye.jpg
b-but why would she mutter that all the sudden!?
Juncock
Good girl good girl, I'll kill you~<3
hating on junko again
furisode
Masao talk
MASAO FUCKING GO
Why would a boy need a tampon?
Sakura: anywhere you could be alone together
Saki: Drive-In Tori
Ai: too busy with her idol work
Junko: only a fancy place like a Michelin 3-star restaurant. cheap place, instant breakup
Lily: chuck e cheese
Yuugiri: any izakaya
Tae: too risky to take her outside, so home.
her
Sakura: The classics, like "let's see a movie" or "let's got to a park".
Saki: any extreme activities, like bungee jumping, sky diving etc.
Ai: too busy with her idol work
Junko:take her to Tiffany
Lily: looking for heavy machinery picture books
Yuugiri: wine (or sake) tasting and go to a kabuki show
Tae: dried-squid tasting
Saki: Game center
Sakura: aquarium, cinema, etc- standard anime date locations
Junko: Art gallery, museum, classical music concert
Yuugiri: nightlife
Ai: AKB's local theatre 
Tae: supermarket
boner hiding apparatus
izakaya
Sakura: Cute, musical, or romance
Ai: Cute, musical, children
Junko: Romance, drama
Saki: Action
Yugiri: Historical, samurai
Lily: Children, mecha
Tae: Cooking shows
Tae: Anything with flashy lights
Lilly identifies it self as a woman
Sakura: Has excellent taste
Ai: Has excellent taste
Junko: Has excellent taste
Saki: Has excellent taste
Yugiri: Has excellent taste
Lily: Has excellent taste
Tae: Has excellent taste
supermarket
tomu
My favorite pixiv artist by far.
how can they possibly wrap this up in just 3 episodes
Lily: taking dicks due to being a...actor
he
his
seething about /pol/
on a racist Taiwanese puppetry discussion forum
2016
as far as everyone knew
this is pedantry of an autistic level
implying anime characters don't change names all the time.
Arrive at fancy restaurant to meet up with Junko
Necroducer is there instead and hands you a signed photo of her
Heck, pretty sure that the only reason why Lily wanted to look like a little girl is because little girl is cuter than little boy.
return to your home
Junko is waiting with a special dinner for you
"an idol's public and private existence are to be kept separate, anon"
Everyone knew that the child was Lily
Ignoring the possibility that before Lily rise to fame, she also have friends and possible family members who knew about her status as a boy.
Ignoring that Lily only existed after becoming a star and before that there was only a very feminine boy named Masao.
Get to hang out with necroducer
sakis song that high
Moteru watashi no oshiri de mou tanoshiku papa
final episode
all of the Franchoochoos are magically brought back to life
Lily decides it's time to grow up and goes back to being Masao
Tae was just the retarded homeless woman of Saga
tfw nobody in this thread has a good enough taste to like Sakura's cute singing voice
It's Saki's graduation into idolhood.
t. tranny
its like signing your name with an X
implying Saberface Lawnmower is a good show
o my deus ex machina
#10: High Speed! -Free! Starting Days-
#9: Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid
#8: The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya
#7: Tamako Love Story
#6: K-ON!!
#5: A Silent Voice
#4: Sound! Euphonium
#3: Nichijou
#2: Hyou-ka
#1: Liz and the Blue Bird
#霊: Violet Evergarden
its greatest failing is that you have to watch Melancholy to really understand what's happening.
le ebic fate reference 
Secondaries
characters don't fuck in the manga
they do in the doujin by the same artist
imgur of a tumblr gif
back
It seems like this time around, things could get more sexual, which feels weird to say for this type of series
Hopefully he'll man up from being a beta faggot and realize what she's blatantly desperate for.
best girl is going to NTR to MC because she knows she has no chance at winning
why should i continue reading this again if they never go any further and this is enough for him?
Is this NTR?
where an evil white-haired clone of the MC
undiluted depression
another furry anime
you will never tough a fluffy tail
Furry = kemonomimi
Bokuben
implying they wouldn't turn it into a pretentious half-original anyway
AOTY
"sucked dick"
painfully average
Goro
the greatest deconstruction of the super robot subgenre since NGE
for normies
A little over a year since it premiered
Name: Friction Frenzy
category: transmutation
Upon touching anything can change the coefficient of friction of said thing touched. 
Homura
/a/
181488392
Spoon feeding newfags
Who is your most hated anime and why?
My wife
Texhnolyze
Garbage
I never cared to be part of this group. You can all suck my dick and it's been this way for nearly decade and probably will be for years to come. 
suck my dick 
suck my dick 
Hating on Satoshi Kon
Got a friend into anime with Texh. Really depends on the person.
Also Mind Game is amazing
looks like absolute shit
plot is fucking retarded
despite that it takes itself seriously
NEETs portrayed positively
incest
traps
yuri
a visit to Akiba
Overemphasis on childhood promises
Inconclusive romance
Ordinary teenage boys beating combat-trained adult men in fights
Only female characters
Bananilla
Sperging out over a comic for little children.
Which one of the thousands that exist though?
mook
doesn't get joke
thinks he's pwning a christfag
pwns self
What is his big secret?
bikini
bislut pedo priest
handshake where they both try to crush the other person's bones
not resolving personal grudges through holy kyudo
next time don't invite Seiya
not resolving personal grudges through fucking
矢を向けて
明かせぬ手の内
離れぬ心
still more cousins
new cute couple
mutual 8yag possessiveness and scartouching
Shoe falling asleep on Minato
beginning of Shoe and Ryouhei’s love story
more Kaito/Seiya (with jealous Nanao)
Seiya getting close to sleeping Kaito's face
Masa and Kaito protecting Minato and Seiya from a wacky wild boar
Shoe's yanhomo levels
Seiya getting close to sleeping Kaito's face
Shoe and Ryouhei’s love story
What's happened so far that would change Kacchan's feelings towards Seiya to "trust" anyway?
believes that he and Minato were chosen by the kyuudo god because of their skills
wishes he looked 100% authentic Japanese like Minato
felt superior when Minato developed target panic
felt superior when Minato developed target panic
he's hot whether he wears glasses or not
he's hot with or without clothes
must be a trustworthy guy
he trusts Seiya's judgment more now that he's seen Minato's character
There's someone whose heart I want to pierce through
One last thing, as I’ll probably not cover Shuu’s name in a [Onamae wa] post. His name is written using the kanji愁 (shuu). I’ll leave a few words here so you can draw your own conclusions about whether this name was intentionally picked or not:郷愁 (kyou.shuu; nostalgia),愁傷 (shuu.shou; grief, sorrow),憂愁 (yuu.shuu; melancholy, gloom).
making it negative
tfw her name is something like 'happiness' or 'love' or some shit because she looks japanese enough
郷愁 (kyou.shuu; nostalgia)
孤愁: lonely contemplation 
旅愁: loneliness on a journey 
settle
implying the kid won't be raised by nannies
tfw couldn't enter the store again
Minato a cute
best bowfriend
I wish this moment would last forever
it's even more perfect because Seiya isn't here
one day I will shoot through his heart
I wonder if Narumiya Shuu or Fujiwara Minato sounds better
gods of kyudo please be kind
Kaito and Shoe
mfw I still haven't watched the last 2 episodes even though they're sitting on my desktop
95% of the posts in the thread are me
And carries a gun.
it's not Sunday
but tomorrow it is
tfw you recognize seiyuu from eroge or hentai
think you recognize a seiyuu
look it up
it's actually someone you've never heard of
Implying she ain't kawaii as fuck
literally cancer
animes
animes
Love Gunm since I was a wee lad two decades ago
Loved the OVA
Hate how younglings do not know about it
Cameron says he wants to do an adaptation
Nervous.avi
Nothing really comes out of it for years
At last he actually works on it
Pics finally come out
See 3DPD Gally
mfw
Not liking how the character looks is a shallow reason?
friends
friends
friends
friends
yuri
In this Santa outfit but non-chibi (https://imgur.com/a/Lr0TsKf) trying to (or succeeding at) be seductive
Bundled up in one of his suits/coats (https://imgur.com/a/s38RuIB) with his scarf wrapped up for good measure
Texting on her cell phone as she's wearing Salama's outfit
Flying up in the air with her twintails in Sylphy's costume 
singing and dancing in Muse's outfit 
https://imgur.com/IeITJRK
https://imgur.com/OOIT9ZR
https://imgur.com/a/5YF3rn5
no invite
when my waifu is just one lapdog of the mafia
including a shitposter
Qfag
Shion
say the censored version is from xenoblade 2 to avoid confusion even though its from smash
it gets added to xenoblade 2
dat book
being a drawfriend and not drawing your own waifu/husbando
Phone wallpaper size
oiiii, go get me some Drive in Tori
wake up
not drawn
wake up
it's december
stealing my ref before I even post it
tfw you'll never hear you're waifu speak in spanish
have a drawing like that 
tug on leggings 
you'll never hear your waifu speak her native language in your ear as you make love to her
tfw Japanese and English voices both are sexy as hell but in different ways and now you don't know what to imagine when you daydream
tfw you remember you have a recording of husbando singing your name
husbando spooning you and mumbling your name in his sleep
tfw I found out my waifu's show was dubbed in my native language
her own voice actress can't pronounce her name
she peacefully sleeping in my arms while I play with her hair
suddenly she cuddles me harder and says my name with a heartwarming smile while she's still asleep
she wears spats underneath her uniform
she's flashing them
Good god she just looks fantastic like that
2012
What do you think, Anon? It took two hours to work the clasps with these paws
that patchouli
My entry was left out in favour of white space. 
is her show any good?
trips
condom
tfw you're writing a chuuni as fuck isekai LN for fun/out of boredom and it eventually just boils down to you & waifu adventuring in a fantasy world
classy
Just fat ass hanging out for everyone to see
Classy
Sexy
classy
muh paris
it's less terrible
clearly dance floor dresses made of high quality material
specifically cut to show an unnecessary amount of skin, yet still above the wholesome line
all but one are series/character names
wanting sex with your wife makes you a freak ghostie
he wouldn't eat ice cream out of his waifu's ass
draw a girl
me: "wow this is hot"
artist:"jokes on you, haha, it's a guy because I say so. Ur gay!"
Calling a crossdresser "trap" back then in any site
Nothing happens
Calling a crossdresser (NOT transgender) "trap" now in any site but 4chan
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE YOU'RE A TRANSPHOBIC PIECE OF SHIT!!
Calling a crossdresser (NOT transgender) "trap"
Be gay
want to fuck traps
filename
Caturday
best girl always loses
thirsty girl always loses
hiring serial killer and spec ops
made death trap that make saw look tame
kill his father
trauma his brother
kidnap oldman
anti-hero
One Piece of Shit
one piss
"good" villains
no back story 
motive unknown 
better than every villain in Asspullxasspull 
plagiarize your main villain from history
"what a sick reference. GODA!"
only proper pirate in the series
lied,cheated,stolen,backstabbed,plotted his way out of mediocrity
one of the greatest debuts in anime history
one of the greatest speeches in anime history
fantastic design, looks like your typical 2-page guy jobbing against some edgelord/bishonen faggot
ends up being the main villain
fantastic personality
fantastic ship/crew
intelligent but flawed, brave but cowardly
not your typical bishie perfect faggot villain
real underdog, fights like a MC
high tier
seething because butthurt
wan piss
good
Manuel Jeannin (born 1 November 1975), known professionally as Manuel Ferrara, is a French pornographic actor and director.[2]
getting intellectual stimulation from a comic instead of a hard discipline
outwitted by a little boy
patrician
veteran on a Yonko ship for 30 years, familiar with New World and Grand Line territory 
fucked up Shanks face, Shanks specifically stated that it wasn't because he was being careless 
when Ace - a Yonko Division Commander - leaves to fight him, everyone tries to warn him against it because they think he will lose to BB (which is the opposite definition of an underdog) 
has a unique/strongest Logia out of all the Logia
unique trait to be able to consume 2 DF fruits out of everyone else in the fucking world and recorded history 

A huge demon-like drunkard that is said to be immortal and is capable of transforming into a giant fire breathing dragon. His hobby is attempting suicide. He has never lost in a 1v1.
A one-armed normal looking pirate who is so powerful that when he entered a battlefield of a giant war, everyone instantly decided it was time to stop and get the hell out of there because no one wanted to fuck with this guy. A war that many of the strongest fighters were present in. The day prior he had an encounter with the demon-like oni mentioned above and came out of it unscathed.
A freak of nature that is capable of beating down battle hardened giants into submission at the tender age of 5, has a near indestructible body, power to control the souls of people that allow her to rip the life out of a person killing them instantly, is able to give life into inanimate objects, has split her own soul and infused it into several objects to create weapons that have intelligence and thought of their own; said objects include, a thundercloud that allows her to control thunder and grants her the ability to fly when riding on top of it, a mini-sun that gives her fire/heat powers, a sword that is capable of fighting on its own and can synergy with the mini-sun to create a sword that shoots flames, and a talking hat so she can have a friend to converse with while looking stylish at the same time.
This means that the average DragonBall volume has sold 7% better than the average one piece volume. 
Somebody else do it if you feel like it.
"Work related"
jimi sensei
using school properties for personal use
glasses so eyes have a bit of protection and he probably blinked fast enough
school acid so diluted shit
covered his face with his arm to shield most of it
probably wearing special clothes underneath and covered his entire body in vaseline or some special magical formula as preparation too
bottle of acid
more snake
hurt me more
that's fine too
Chapter has 33 pages
bottle of acid
tfw my school had 12M and it would literally melt gloves if even a drop got on it
Tomboy gets abducted by Jimi's bearded swarthy mates from down the road and is never seen again
rip and tear
not wanting Jimi to gaslight the sluts until they went insane from paranoia
The current state of Konosuba
Jupiter
The sole reason of why UC is depressed
Main instigator for OYW
Send an undercover agent to play both Earth and Zeon
Send supplies for Zeom remnants for years to come
Fucking invade Earth
As a last ditch effort supplies some upstart with a superweapon that can mind wipe everyone on Earth
tfw you will never sink an american pigdog ship for the honour of the Japanese Emperor and your comrades
tfw
GaoGaiGar
he spoonfed
tfw refuse to watch OVA 3 or later because the dub doesn't have Patrea Burchard voicing Ryoko
tfw I made the right call
Too old
flying boat
it's just entertaining and not much more
and was subject to many ancient memes.
Title is Aura Battler Dunbine
MC replaces the Dunbine with Bilbine
Overlord
Kono Suba
Mahouka
Re:Zero
Slime
Ryuuou no Oshigoto
SAO Progressive
YJSSNKE
SAO 
No Game no Life
What the fuck is this acronym
8,113,317 ONE PIECE
3 626,952 Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei
muh backlog REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
2 6,718,185 Boku no Hero Academia
only 3 one piece volumes
Slam Dunk
Kingdom
Slam Dunk still beat Haikyuu
the shanty town of black cloverfags
Rukawa passing to Sakuragi.
Sakuragi finishing the game with a jump shot.
Sakuragi and Rukawa celebrating together.
inoue is very clearly still getting better at his art 
vagabond and real off hiatus never
2 630,889 Kono Suba
bnha can't even hit 800k
MHA vol 17 821, 501
MHA vol 18 812, 204
What the FUCK is her problem?
trusting Netflix
ever
I need subtitles because I do other stuff while the show is on
dub
streaming
Netflix
I can't tell how I know but it's definitely true
We care about how the show is brought to the new audience and how this will influence the Evangelion community/conversation
can't into dubs
I need DUBS
gets singles
dragons caring about human gender roles
dragons saying talking shit about human men constantly and throwing out random talking points with no flow to the actual events going on
dub
twitter drama
netflix
AsukaXShinji Shippers
dub
netflix 
So what happens when 4.0 finally comes out 
legendary Japanese cast
they tend to be AsukaxShinji shippers
was the old dub really that (((problematic)))? I don't remember.
They even refused to call the Children "Children", even though Gianx insisted on it, because they think it makes no sense in English.
I never really understood that complaint because if it were just Rei it would be one thing but Asuka, Shinji, Toji, and Kaworu were not clones like her. Nor were the candidate kids in Shinji's class or later Mari. It just felt like poor English.
Now it's just genetically manufactured idols.
dub
do the impossible see the invisible
I understand what Anno was going for. I'm saying it never worked. It came across as clunky.
It's not about the dub it's an in general issue. Children does not work in the singular sense. It's clunky. It doesn't read right not does it work when spoken. It's also supposed to hint at Rei but it never worked. It's just awkward Engrish.
Maaya Sakamoto
implying
Asuka's VA in the South American Spanish version was German-descended
redubing ADV
No Jason Lee for Aoba
IDIOT! You FIGHT or you DIE.
a natural german accent
His laugh
His funny little requests
His reprimands.
https://twitter.com/amandawinnlee/status/1068632807671382016
watching (((Netflix)))
paying to watch anime 
streaming
dubs
Honestly? This time I will be heartbroken if I don't do Rei's voice. I poured so much of my life into that original show and those movies.
This time
https://twitter.com/amandawinnlee/status/1068590577720139782
How do you feel
*sees that someone likes dubs*
I fucking hate dubs! 
*sees people enjoying life*
I fucking hate life!
*sees people having fun*
I fucking HATE fun!
Deserve what?
implying it affects me to the degree that you're at
You say that like you gain anything by watching anime, subbed or otherwise
implying it affects me to the degree that you're at
...
missing out on "Sweet Jesus it's an anti-AT field"
watching shounenshit
You have my sympathies. 
triggered by words too
Yukiko
not Rei
passive aggressive 'tard anger: the post
EoE dub
good
hope this doesn't trigger you
some dubfag strawmans me and tells me to leave /a/
guy who wants people banned for liking things he doesn't like lecturing others on board culture and being a newfag
more strawmanning
How do you feel about Neon Genesis Evangelion getting a new English dub for Netflix?
haha I'm not some weeb I watch superior English dubs haha
in the South American Spanish version
i like rewrites of doujins
caring about dubs unironically
Oy vey, I'm so fucked up
caring about dubs ironically
no new IP
mfw were are getting the old LatAm dub
defending dubs
being this much of a faggot
@netflix I codirected the #Evangelion series and I wrote, directed and produced #DeathandRebirth and #EndofEva. I know every single frame. Please, PLEASE let me know if you have any questions. It's important to get it right or the fans will SLAUGHTER you. Trust me.
dub 
amazed by anons wanting to talk about new eva related content
inb4 the dubs are literal readings of the 4chan subs
dubfags
Kobayashi dub with feminist propaganda.
caring about dubs at all
snuck it into the script
dub thread
twitter op image
neo-/a/
because of course netflix won't add EoE
we
we
we
already 8 BILLION dollar in debt
decides to spend money on redub instead of just licensing the original voice acted one
watching dubs
two lines
ruined
http://fortune.com/2018/07/08/netflix-original-programming-13-billion/
desperate streamfags trying to justify their retardation
unironically watching dub
streaming
defending it
Normies
I unironically think she is the best thing to come out of Evangelion
Dubs
Having to rewatch every seen that are both dialogue heavy and visually cluttered/important just so you dont miss on those oh-so-vital Japanese honorifics 
being so retarded he can't read subs and watch the show at the same time
defending dubs
を
watch videos and forum posts about English dub before announcement: most people shit on it
Everyone now: "REEEEEEEEE I want the original dub!"
every seen that are 
Original Kobayashi was already feminist.
Yukiko, Rei, Etna and Ohya all have the same VA
They're on the Japanese blu-ray release so Netflix does likely have access to them.
Rei's VA is a dudeweedmom
Baccano without the entire prologue episode full of Wakamoto
What is wrong with you? No, actually. How fucked are you that you willingly want a company to change a story for you to better suit their tastes? Why are you gobbling up """localization""" like it's a treat instead of absolute cancer?
english dub
weeaboos going out of their way to watch a show in a language they dont even understand
Using subtitles
Going out of their way
streaming, dubs and Twitter drama
Netflix pays for union dubs and uses union studios.
Literally Yuru Yuri/Yuuki Yuuna by Trigger 
Those silhouettes
secret fragrance
localized by hadena
rice spy
too many
18 views
spend gorillions of yen on a city-sized underground base
run out of money before you can furnish everything
your agents now have to sit on the floor or share those shitty 10$ bar stools when they want to use one of the two (2) computers in the base
another mobage that will die in <1 year
no selfie stick
belongs: blowjob
[HorribleSubs] Release the Spyce - 09 [720p].mkv
he can't appreciate every part of shishou's body
Yuki's dick
Unlisted
Make a best girl
Kill her 
metal gear references
Dying with a boob cut in half.
that sexhair
massage
Alec(si) is using a satellite dish to fuck shit up
that nose
pop these coordinates into Google
it's an elementary school in Kanagawa
he somehow survives the attack of that guy
somehow
gay spies
Tsubasa will never give you a spine shattering massage
cyborg
one among Mei, Fuu, Hatsume or Goe
Hatsume's mentor
Yuki
Momo
The kind of girl Namori finds the hottest gets killed off

Yuki is too autistic to be the traitor
Hatsume just wants to befriend everyone
All of the apprentices are too smitten with their mentors to betray them
Talks about tamashii
dies
Momo identified the traitor because she wanted to look at the pretty lady's face
Yuki gets slashed
Momo goes on a rampage and defeat Kurara
When Momo is about to kill her, a weakened Yuki reminds Momo that if she kills her, she will be just as bad
"Ah, I guess we truly needed to Release The Spyce™"
The End
if she kills her, she will be just as bad
all of the current mentors are paired with their apprentices
none of the previous ones were
none of the previous ones were
No reason it wouldn't be possible, but we haven't seen anything in game yet so who knows. Also the LN art is actually hers.
implying she didn't
tfw Shishou dies next episode
hit people with the back of your sword to avoid killing them
all right, time to blow up the building they're in while they're unconcious
gay-powered CSI levels of image manipulation
first the lap sitting scene
now this
this series hasn't gotten a single piece of genuinely good fan art
this is fine
dub: Penalty Time
Sub: Punishment Time
Science (spyce) is only for talented people
Magic (Moryo injection) can boost the ability of everyone regardless of age and sex
meet dog
Copy them into Microsoft word. ctrl+f and search for the "enter" character and then have it replace and "enter characters with a "space" instead
Prequel novel from magazine this week
At the end of the chapter
It os the end of a generation in the history of Tsukikage. From one generation to the next generation. The start is end. The end is start. The time is coming close.
The 10th chapter of the novel have ended
They story continues on the 9th episode of Release The Spyce anime "Destiny Circle"
One pf the this episode's special serial code for images on LINE: #RAP22
spyce confirmed to be better than moryo drug
shishou still lost
know that sorasaki is tsukikage's base
still built a fucking hijack satellite right there
Hibike Euphonium guy is the final boss
let's just do something with all her profile shots to reproduce her face
nice even the pattern in her eyes showed up
Show is about cute ninja dykes
It has a crap load of dicks
Have the males as villains of the week just so they don't look like they're plot-relevant
It's flopping hard anyway
Exciting missions
Goe
bathing
getting kicks out of poking the turbo-autist beehive
using the best character design for a dead flashback character
the organized shitposting discord group
get an extended flash back about Yuki and her master
not a single blush between them other than when they first met and a stranger took Yuki's hand and put it on her chest
YagaKimi, UzaMaid, and Spyce
"Yuri" anime with pricks and hetshit
Flopping so hard
Yuru Yuri
True yuri anime without pricks and hetshit
The only most successful yuri series ever
Blowjob
A hundred
Shisho's Shisho
Goe's wet skirt
Oi m8 i mean spies n' lies, 's part of the job init?
Harder, better, faster, stronger, bigger, thicker neck, more respected, bigger harem, leaner, bigger fanbase, higher IQ, Chadder, manlier, better posture, better fighting skills, wiser, more aesthetic, taller, higher deadlift PR, cooler aura, prettier eyes, better teeth, better breath, more charisma, Goku likes him more, Ribrianne wants his dick more, goes out with more dignity, exists in the manga for more than 1 panel, better clothes, more friends, sadder and better background, more money, bigger dick, lasts more in bed, cums more, more canon, higher in polls, higher in power charts, better job, rapes Frieza faster, has better jawline, makes bejita cry faster, defeated more asspulls, has better morals...
 White
Ultra instinct Goku is stronger than Jiren.
replying to /b/ tier spam
thread is already shit
Pan pedo is a GT loving Brolyspic
Broly can't accept defeat; he tries destroying everything around him with his fire-breath, but Gogeta just charges in and blasts Broly repeatedly, finishing it all off with his big gay energy ball. Gogeta seems to think that might be enough to end it, but just then, Shenlong appears in the sky.
post Pan
hurr spic GT Broly durr
with his big gay energy ball.
The "big gay energy ball" is the rainbow-colored attack that Gogeta used to defeat Janemba in M12. It is variously called either "Soul Punisher" or "Stardust Breaker" in DB games. While it didn't cause any visible physical damage to Broly, Gogeta seemed really pleased with it before they were interrupted by Shenlong's appearance, and Broly seemed to recognize after that attack that he wasn't going to win, as he transitions to desperation and fear.
cherry picking
BEJITA SAMA, ONEGAI!!!!
BROLY-SAMA, KISS MY WIVES, RIGHT NOW
Goku literally manhandled Jiren
tries to force the "jobly strongest opponent" meme for months
d-don't use V-Jump fanfics in your edits
Goku asspulls the mastered ultra instinct that puts him close to angel tier, the "limit breaking form of the gods"
Jiren simply responds by breaking his own limits and manhandles Goku until power of friendship plot armor bullshit magically makes Goku stronger
EVEN THEN he still comes out on top because Gokek gets self-owned by the strain of UI
Vegeta
Chadhan
Bulma
Jiren
Cabba
Frieza
Gokek
Jobly
Caulifla
Kale
Jiren
Everyone else
the whole fight
 Based :
 Cringe
Destroyed a galaxy in mere seconds
Able to survive the explosion of his home planet as a baby
Capable of causing the demise of the universe
Pure demon
True Saiyan attitude
Clothes make him look like a deity
Induces and fear and despair just by being looked at
Doesn't give a shit about jobbing material like family
Skin is cold
broly said to be strongest
jirenkeks go into hiding scared
gogeta stronger than broly gets confirmed
jirenkeks go out of hiding acting like they're relevant
Cuckly
same power as Gogeta
literally gets shitstomped by him to the point he stops raging and starts fearing for his life


i-if Goku didnt lose then he wouldnt have lost
Pathetic retard

literally reeee'ing about "one jirenfag samefagging every goddamn thread"
ywn dance with Pan
would
he didnt
The Goku & Vegeta Show - The Movie
good
Pathetic edits from a pathetic retard
m-muh little bubble were everything I say is true
20-21 days left
Caulifla debuted in episode where Gohan was the focus
Jobren
weaker
can't even compete, sticks to memes made by a lunatic that spams dbs threads 24/7
universe of love
in her introduction, Brianne kills two trannies just because they said something that upset her
wasting all that edit time just for shitposting
Complaining about plot
Jiren spared Goku from knocking him out 20 times in the ToP
gentlemen
In this state, Jiren was capable of going toe-to-toe with Ultra Instinct Goku, gaining enough power to bypass the instantaneous defense impulse of Ultra Instinct and even initially overwhelming Goku in raw power.[1] Even when Goku stood up to fight even after blasted down by a strengthened Power Impact, Jiren was still able to compete against Goku, although he was eventually overwhelmed, due to Goku becoming more powerful from his friends' faith in him.
pan posting
say anything
Huntercel detected
Super lost to Kamen Rider and got cancelled
Dragon Ball toy sales dwindling
Kamen Rider announces and puts new toy up for pre-order.
Toy pre-orders are sold out within minutes.
Make an edit for Super
It goes to complete waste because she lost
fucking loli and blacked angels
blacked angels
Vados only has four fingers in her right hand
projecting THIS hard
thinking jiren is the reason dragon ball super is utter dogshit and not one of the million other far more pressing issues

if you punch Goku hard enough he might turn into gogeta
mfw
We are talking about strength at their peak not about who runs out on energy first
the only mortal to fuck an angel
Gogeta chases after Broly in a flurry of Shida goodness, and the voice shouts GOGETA. The GO! BROLY! GO! BROLY! music is back. GOGETA! GOGETA! GOGETA! Gogeta is doing fine, but he decides he needs to transform, so he goes up to Super Saiyan. SUPER POWER! Broly doesn't stand a chance; Gogeta absolutely dominates him until he's screaming in fury.
Goku is as strong as his fusions
stud
doesn't get the titty monster
genderbent goku and tranny sticc
Goku is stronger than Vegito
But then how did SSB Gogeta beat Broly so easily?
shipping
Cabba won
Doesn't Bra retcon all of GT?
It took Caulifla abandoning Kale for her to hate Goku and go Braly
Cabba just had to talk to her to make her jealous enough to transform
tanking
Doesn't Bra retcon all of GT?
Why would they keep Pan from growing up?
Tomboy Bra when?
Dragon Ball Next with Goku-Ojiisan and all the kids grown up when?
Is Toriyama throwing everything he can into the Broly movie because he's gonna die?
Cuntifla acts all tough and picky
ends up with either Cabba or Goten
Are you still pretening that Toriyama has anything to do with this fucking disaster?
gohanfag already precumming
Even Whis is tired of this shitty thread
Literally the first thing they throw in the trailers for Broly is that Toriyama wrote it.
Shorter than a woman
U6 x U7 crossover
Kale forced to grow up
First canonical 3/4s saiyan hybrid child
Possible first male/female fusion
Goten growing into the player he was portrayed as in EoZ
Caulifags tamed, domesticated, and BTFOd forever
Mansonlifla under the watchful eye of GODhan to make sure she doesn't start a satanic witchcult in U7 too
Setting up for the martial arts academy Goten and Trunks eventually open up as mentioned in DBO
Caulifla still close enough to Goku to learn her precious jobber form SS3
Beeus
Said to be the strongest even
Tori confirms he doesn't plan on Goku surpassing him
Doesn't do shit after his arc
Has to resort to a bootleg UI to look cool (didn't overpower anyone with it tho)
Already said/implied to be surpassed by 3 MORTALS (4 including fusions)
literally samefagging
That lonely gohanfag that found no purpose after the great war now starts fake leaks as an excuse to shitpost against characters that are never appering again
Trunks
do they have a Spanish dub?
Goten
Never appearing again
Despite appearing in the movie
Isn't sure
SS3 is the strongest form until baby saga
Hey kakarotto, why don't we just use SSB?
Fuck that, let's struggle
We haven't seen his full pwer yet right...?
tan skin
Literally lying
arigatou bejita sama dono kun
Power 9500
not "Power BEYOND POWER"
equal to MUI Goku/SSB Gogeta in base with his shirt on
would obviously blow the fuck out in shirtless ultra-buff flamey aura form
if it weren't for Who, Who, and Who, no one would give a shit about the universe with Saiyans
tfw no way to buy these online
Anon, no one likes those saiyajins. 
They barely sell anywhere.
Blue Gogeta = Whis level
that Bulma
Only gives a shit about saiyajins
Jobren is taking his shirt off and shit
Broly is chilling and getting infinitely stronger
God, the thing I hat the most about the u6 saiyajins is that they outright state that u7 saiyajins are weak pieces of shit that NEEDED the cheat of god ki to be able to hold their own against other universes.
Loses to Golden Frieza
Loses to laser beams
Loses to sHit
Loses to Kale
Loses to Jiren
Loses to Broly
kekfla 
stronger than Broly
stronger than any GoD for that matter even in the animu
loses to Kale
most beautiful 
most popular
outing yourself as a lowtest that doesn't like fit girls
""fit""
looks like a gross deformed midget 
they then proceed to make every show after this, complete SHIT
strict Catholic upbringing
peak reproductive performance
all the retards picking anything else than Kumiko itt
3dpd
feelings
literally two posts earlier
sexual tension
Oral sex doesn't count and is thus not gay.
Oral sex doesn't count and is thus not gay
Lower salary
generic black hair
not enjoying beautiful sports underdog stories
not getting hype as fuck during their live performances
not fistpumping like crazy both times when they succeeded and realized their dreams
not immensely enjoying Kumiko and Reina's mutual intimacy
that mountain hike
not enjoying Reina showing her hidden weak side to Kumiko and seeking her support at the moment of doubting herself
UMAKU NARITAI
Oumae-san, at the competition I want you to play that part together with Tanaka-san
not having your boner in hand during the pool episode
JAZZ FOR THE SOUL
not having teary eyes when Kumiko realized her feelings towards her sister and reconciled with her
not releasing flood gates when Asuka received the message from her father
I DON'T WANT TO SAY GOODBYE
bad 
tfw I look like Taki-sensei but there are no Reinas in this world
incels
t. newfag
those badges
I wanted to be humble, but after making it through one entire episode I feel the need to force my opinion on a bunch of random people who didn't ask.
Everyone reading "deep" into the lore 
Like its a coming of age anime 
once
no u
*let the bodies hit the floooor"
mfw
"Become the Chainsaw Man"
the movie she wanted to see was The Last Jedi
a roasted chicken chainsaw
a roasted chicken abortion
 Record Scratch. Freeze Frame. "Yeah…that's me. You're probably wondering how I got into this situation. Well it's a funny story actually…"
How the fuck is this in Jump?
Hajime Isayama created a 65-page one-shot version of Attack on Titan in 2006. Originally, he also offered his work to the Weekly Shōnen Jump department at Shueisha, where he was advised to modify his style and story to be more suitable for Jump. He declined and instead decided to take it to the Weekly Shōnen Magazine department at Kodansha.
shounen cancer in Fujimoto thread
kodansha
Chainsaw Man killing Axeman in chapter 17
Not enough friendship for you?
I don't read Jump but I pretend I know what I'm talking about
boku no pico academia.
The dark axe era?
Chainsaw man becomes hit. 
Gets anime.
Fire Punch gets one as well.
then we get the "Fire Punch vs Chainsaw Man" OVA
tfw all you ever wanted was a qt3.14 gf to hug and some PB&J sandwich
tfw you wanna do it, but jave no early/day one raws and don't have a day one translator and the usual suspects are probably already ahead of you
religious icon
Do not disturb the chainsaw demon, The AC is on and he's listening to his favorite music.
what are the chances that its just typical shonen shit,the other 2 i mean
soft seinen
soft-seinen
tfw Fire Punch and Chainsaw Man are the same person
they live in a timeline where TLJ never got made
Last thread someone said he sold his testicle, eye and kidney.
Kino* edgy shit.
kino
Yikes
cringe
Reddit.
people were calling Jujutsu, Neverland and Kimetsu "Edgy" yet are fine with this
The Fire Punch fandom
tomato demon
chainsaw demon
inhaling those fumes for a joke
reading hiatus x hiatus
not reading best shonen in WSJ
hype is already dead 
tfw Jujutsu scanlations just stopped 
editor 1: hey, I've got a new manga from some experienced mangaka
editor 2: what did he do?
editor 1: fire punch, it's about fire movie super hero. The new one is about chainsaws
editor 2: sounds cool enough, publish it, can't be that bad, can it?
editor in chief: this is how to save Jump
Jump has autistic readers who like this shit.
The new editor-in-chief is a rookiefag.
veterans
plural
killing zombies with a powertool
thinking Moemanson is edgy
kino
he doesn't know
 roasted chicken 
 thinks gore = edgy
Urinals break all the time
They cut the scene where Sale and Zucchero are granulated, finally living up to their names
My dream is to become a 'Grand Dragon'
My dream is to say the 'n-word'
Formaggio : "you like dressing up as a girl eh, Narrancia ? thats why gays shouldnt have rights fucking subhumans"
BOY YOU SURE ARE A FUCKING RETARD, NARANCIA
show main crew's stands right away (OP/ED)
show Trish right away
hide Seasoning Female
Lil' Bomber
they cut Kira using trigonometry vs. Josuke 
Be honest.
ttfw don't know any regal titles that would go well with "incarnadine"
Polpo's funeral
want new OPs
but also don't want to give up seeing FIGHTING GOLD spam in stream every friday
WHO 
Gold Experience
Zipper Man
Six Bullets
Lil' Bomber
Pericolo is an ordinary human that does not posses a Stand.
They changed Fugos colours from white and red despite that matching the food he's fucking named after
Because every time it sets up a cool or interesting enemy that makes you wonder how the crew will beat it, the answer is almost always "lol just have Crazy Diamond fix stuff really fast" and it gets really boring
Because every time it sets up a cool or interesting enemy that makes you wonder how the crew will beat it, the answer is almost always "lol just have Gold Experience make plants" and it gets really boring
Because every time it sets up a cool or interesting enemy that makes you wonder how the crew will beat it, the answer is almost always "lol just have Stone Free do string origami" and it gets really boring
Because every time it sets up a cool or interesting enemy that makes you wonder how the crew will beat it, the answer is almost always "lol just have Tusk shoot it" and it gets really boring
the answer is almost always "lol just have Crazy Diamond fix stuff really fast" and it gets really boring
neapolis
Nah Araki hates niggers
entire series inspired by prince
base majority of characters after black music/musicians
josuke is literally prince
hates niggers
entire series inspired by prince
base majority of characters after black music/musicians
josuke is literally prince
hates niggers
Paths that Cross
I can swap the consciousness of any two people that I punched in the last 24 hours. The only way to revert the consciousness back to the original owners is if I get punched back by one of them.

Running up that hill
my boy on top
doubting girl presence in a 70% female general
he doesn't think most of this thread is gays and fujos 
he thinks the fujos are men
Nowhere Man
real names
Able to highly emphasize any action, very versatile, kind of like Gold Experience. (IE can dramatize my strength/speed, anothers pain, someone's growth rate)
can't bring the dead back
no tension
If you find it gay, it's you who are gay.
gappy's eye fires are on one side
heals koichi and hayato right up in the nick of time
asspulls okuyasu back to life
there's still tension until the point they are fixed because you don't know if josuke will get to them in time
heals okuyasu but he still doesn't come back right away, providing.... tension
I'm so smrt cuz i replaced a few words. doesn't jojo suck gaiz?
betas like Fugo
Fucks Narancia in the ass every night for misbehaving
noryoku
Urinals break all the time
not wanting to use it to fight effeminate men
organs and hands aren't living things
I don't get it
it doesn't make sense
"NARANCIA IS A GIRL?"
Message slowly appears on screen as if he were typing it live instead of being sent instantly
Illuso and Prosciutto are shitposters
yurishit in jojo never
they're never animating part [X]
because every time 
Part 1 anime
He has Galaxy Platinum now
speedreading this hard
tfw part 6 is my favourite
tfw nobody believes me and thinks im just saying it to be as contrarian as possible
the man who steals the names of all of his stands also stole a character design
Insane Clown Posse
Can magnetize any object
Insane Clown Posse
summon an Insane Clown Posse
Anon...
airplane
ywn teach narancia maths
ywn have a knife fight with narancia
ywn listen to tupac with narancia
ywn help narancia into the boat after he changes his mind 
ywn cut out narancia's tongue to protect him from enemy stando
ywn have narancia's soul die in your body
It's still the worst one
least favorite design 
Anasui
Typical hit and run, then return for overwhelming victory.
stand user in party with ability to control the tides, tricking the world into "tomorrow" allowing for an immediate victory
big time battle decided by going past midnight, and realizing that midnight dictates "tomorrow" rather than 24hours
name of the stand is a reference to a videogame soundtrack
black brother is the bad guy
white brother is the good one
Black brother calls the KKK on the white brother
actually picked favourite part 4 stand
cute
that rock hard 8-pack
Is he Jotaro 2.0
literally tells us how mista got his stand and maybe how all of them did
by trial
posting ugly retard
entire series inspired by Prince yet has absolutely no references to Prince until very late in part three
majority of the characters are Japanese or Caucasian males with absolutely no relation to blacks whatsoever

 more (x)fag/part wars
wanting cancerous anime adaptations
cg Caiman?
last update over 10 months ago
I don't want to learn French.
later
https://best100.animefestival.jp/
33: アイカツフレンズ！
43: 新幹線変形ロボ シンカリオン THE ANIMATION
46: アイカツスターズ！
62: アイドルタイム プリパラ
Aifure just keeps climbing
fujo poll
Stars is higher than Pripara
Pripara is the one withboys actually do shit
salesfags threads in a nutshell
no big friends cancer
WITH
any more relevant than M4
 it likely will be a little less annoying
overall im not expecting a lot from stars
Stars S2
wet boipussi
boys
oniai 2 years before oniai
subs when
buying 2 same things instead another one
scan
cutting the pages.
doesn't work anymore but I can throw it away
baka
tfw NTR
Procyon have the same VA than Izumi from Idolish7
also Izumi from Love stage
kurun
almost Christmas
the face that doesn't know she will be murdered by food poisoning
make her watch the broadcast
fallen angel daughter
Rippu where the fuck are you
Sanrio Pretty All Friends collab announced
suddenly a Prichan episode about how girls get kyun-kyuns from being NTR'd
rape: free
rape
free
lovely het couple
Yurika between Ran and Kaede
Miracle Tunes collab
Layton
ainon sloppy seconds
FOR TIME TRAVELING CUTIES
HUGS
VS RANGER
Kitaro
Layton
PriChan
Pokenchi
it's a fetish episode
Chyralis
eggs
vlc
Wasurenai are dumb, more news at 11
bootleg Sango
washed-up old rice scoop idol
7 episodes in and Laura is best girl
Laura
akari is in cocotama now
boy
het
at least 6 
Kaede x yurika
Shokotan was gay as fuck on Pokenchi today
they don't tend to do that in kid's media.
it's Decade episode
ZI-O today's epsiode
So this is the power of the Aikatsu Zone.
emo will look like grandma when shes older
won't have the cute banana hair
[SMC-Subs] Gekijouban Wakaokami wa Shougakusei! PV [C0D71F9F].mkv
liking prichan
not liking Prichan
downgrade music and dances
introduce retarded writing
not Prik tok

put a piece of overrated shit next to overrated shit like Mosnter or Berserk
homonculus
Trending for 4 hours
Beautifully animated
Yuta choosing Gridman over pussy
choosing gridman over pussy
trigger saving anime
just like that
僕らのS.O.Sが加速する
Yuta rejects Akane again
Mook
Alexis will never turn your dreams into reality by using reality bending alien powers
Akane offered to have sex with him. 
Akane volunteered to be his girlfriend.
BABY DAN DAN
BABY DON DON
another shit episode
Utsumi is too used to being that guy who everybody only half-likes, and cannot accept a world where he found every kit he wanted to put together AND got the bangin' hot 10/10 school idol wanting his dick
it smells like Hibiki....
 A cute girl enjoys my presence
 therefore the world I inhabit is a simulacrum
Akane blushed at Yuta
Gridman ends like IT
Dat fucking stride 
"Akane! Akane!"
"do you still love me?" 
"i wish..i wish i was more beautiful...for you...."
"i wish i had cute pink hair...."
"i wish i had a great body, i've always been jealous of.....breasts"
"Rikka?"
"why her? i don't like it when anyone calls me that! i've always hated that nickname."
"Akane..."
but all the person-on-person conversation we see those pairs having being inner dialogue can't happen.
Yuta as the boyfriend
Rikka as the best friend
Utsumi as a tokufag friend
They blow up the pink suit
The real kaiju comes out and tries to chomp Gridman
samefag de wa nai
being rejected by your own creations
Akane tries to steal Rikka's place in Yuta's heart and fails despite being everything he wanted from a girl supporting him
You can't escape, even in your escapism.
rejected by your own creations
even spoken in the episode
They're too independent of her. The city bends to her whim, but the people don't. They're real humans and she either doesn't know
ESCAPISM IS NOT HEALTHY YOU HAVE TO WAKE UP
B-but I'm in a coma and dying in real life
SHUT UP WAKE UP
choosing gridman over pussy
this is a 33 year old man
Voiced by a tiny Japanese woman.
Wasn't that radio show describing this kaiju as a representation of akane's heart?
Kaijuu that is an inhuman monster in a flesh colored kaijuu suit
Represents Akane's heart
Akane is actually an AI/program pretending she's a human
The entire class went to the sea
1. it is stated that they only talked once during the sport festival 
2. Yuta only met with Rikka to confess (most likely) in episode one
trending
No it's not It's just Akane's small group of friends. 
I'm not sure why people always seem to think that Yuta and Rikka are already in a relationship when
But they go and show her jumping off a fucking bar and landing perfectly fine
The Bus is Akane's version of Shinji's Train
I'm not sure why people always seem to think that Yuta and Rikka are already in a relationship
Smelly manipulative thot gets fucked over 3 times in the same episode
I don't think she created them.
dreams
aliens
SSSS Gridman
Gridman is barely even in the show
we have to save Shitjou!
 Turning 1's into 0's makes her evil
inb4 she's dead in real life
tfw no anime where mc is a real man and goes for the pussy
Um, no, you don't. She's an irredeemable psychopath who's killed innocents for shallow and petty reasons. Just kill the cunt.
I fucking told you this wasn't a /u/ show
she's actually a female version of Takeshi down to being rejected by anyone she likes
be some friendless autist who doesn't understand people
observe classmates 
make them forget everything and replay the same scenes but with you in the support role
remember the conversations you observed earlier and imitate the more popular classmates
become popular yourself
people actually celebrating Yuta not choosing akane
 They save the world by going to space and defeating the evil alien overlord
"durrr
only three episode left
 a hero must reject pussy
they finally make it out of the matrix
the protaganist take off his vr goggles 
its hiro
title screen flashes
darling in the Franxx 2: gridman's revenge
tfw you might be a sociopath
According to anon, being a man is being a henpecked pussy.
white male
pulls out his dick
Akane and Rikka in the same scene
Rikka: Why DO I have to take you to the hospital? Jesus this is so annoying 
Akane: Let me take you to the hospital! And here is a gift for you!
and Yuta wanted to be closer to Rikka
 falls head first
 lands on feet
This is the male version of female nerds trying to save killers and criminals from prisons because of how good looking and confident they are.
white
no nipples
akane is a human wearing a kaiju hoodie
last kaiju is a kaiju wearing a human suit
Akane told her about being created by her
am i supposed to hate akane?
In Yuta's dream she "became" Rikka 
got no way fag'd three(3) times in a row
He loves his toku a bit too much
Um, no, you don't.
 Beep boop, program "Let's do what Akane wants.exe" is now active
wake up
knee starts hurting like hell
FEEDING HIM A SPECIAL DOG WHILE GIVING HIM A LAP PILLOW
it also feels like normalfag bait.
it was originally Akane into Rika
I'm not some yuri shipper
normie
Akane keeps losing and getting her butt kicked by Yuta.
Everyone loves Toku
gridman is calling me
my waifu is calling me
my sensei is calling me
my mommy is calling me
my autistic nature is calling me
my virginity is calling me
he has to pilot Gridman.
inb4 not mecha
Mazinger
NGE
Gundam
Code Geass
DiTF
etc.
 Volleyball girl
(私は... あの人が好きだから)
(I'd... like to be that kind of person.)
Everyone loved Power Rangers as a kid.
until volleyball fucked it up
Gundam
Yuta only woke up after seeing her grave
 Akane likes the graveyard
 She dreams of being with Yuta
 He abandons her in the cemetary
No one in the west likes this.
Yes, that is entirely correct.
Children with autism are less likely to make requests or share experiences, and are more likely to simply repeat others' words

I feel bad for you.
Like, you have genuine autism.
(私は... あの人が好きだから)
(I'd... like to be that kind of person.)
あの人そばにいたかったから
I want to be just like that person.
(私は... あの人が好きだから)
(I'd... like to be that kind of person.)
insanely desperate to have the last word
(私は... あの人が好きだから)
(I'd... like to be that kind of person.)
あの人そばにいたかったから
I want to be just like that person.
(私は... あの人が好きだから)
(I'd... like to be that kind of person.)
あの人そばにいたかったから
I want to be just like that person.
Series starts in the most generic way possible
Ends on one of the most depressing and sober ways possible with the message being people to need to learn to cope and not put themselves in an isolated bubble
trying to hyperbole

No one in the west likes this

Somewhat liked

Other than like Wing or G. Hell no.
The vast majority of mecha is stuff normalfags will never like. There's some entrylevel series that they like, but as a genre it is not very well liked. 
westerners don't like fantasy, they just like Spice and Wolf and Made in Abyss
westerners don't like SF, they just like Steins:Gate and Psycho Pass
westerners don't like romance, they just like 4-gatsu and Toradora
gridman
not a single grid in the show
LGBT
GBT
Yeah that's why it premiered in Italy and France 2 months before it did in Japan and grossed more in foreign countries than in Japan.
It's one of the most watched and loved anime ever, you're completely delusional. It got a dub and aired on tv in many countries.
I don't know about what specific entry in the franchise is the more well-known, but as a whole it's very popular.
You can say this for any genre except maybe battle shounen, but even then not all of them are succesful abroad. It's always a small part of what is succesful in Japan that also ends up being popular with the rest of the World.
I suspect you don't really watch much anime outside of mecha so there is a specific gap between how many you know and how many westerners like. But it's the same for pretty much all the genres of anime.
GBT
the L is missing
the next scene they know is Akane
she's the L (lesbian)
GBT
Someone being trapped in a dream or escapism fantasy while actually being dead or in a coma is pretty anime'ish
Nobody else watched it though.
Many western anime fans hate NGE
Not many western anime fans have watched gundam.
very many people do commonly say "oh this is a mecha so I won't watch it."
No western fan says "oh well this is scifi so I won't watch it" or "oh well this is an action show so I won't watch it."
Spics love it too.
Maybe but that doesn't make it not popular.
Maybe no specific Gundam series is that popular, but if you add the audience for the all the different entries in the franchise I'm sure it holds up well in terms of popularity.
They definitely do. Maybe you don't notice it because you don't bring up the subject or don't pay attention when it's brought up.
you'd have to be actually retarded to think that toku is more popular than mecha in the West/in America
I'm just saying that mecha is not popular either.
The only other genre that gets more derision here is battle shounen.
moe is shit: 70 results
shonen is shit: 52
mecha is shit: 82
moeshit: 14,239
shonenshit: 3,859
mechashit: 359
NGE is a giant, giant show here
TTGL is giant
Code Geass was very popular
Gundam is a household name
It's really not though. It's popular, but it's not that popular.
Thinks CG is more popular than NGE
some vague search terms on an incomplete archive prove anything
In the west? It's pretty comparable between the two.
(私は... あの人が好きだから)
(I'd... like to be that kind of person.)
あの人そばにいたかったから
I want to be just like that person.
You really think your average, modern western anime fan has even watched Eva?
Yes. I really, truly do.
still being this ass hurt
still trying this hard to force your "meme"
picking out random words that are actually spelled with kanji and ignoring the fact that part of what you're claiming is a word is actually and article
the entire subject is pretty much speculation
x eats zebra fruit
x turns into zebra
"i have a zebra zoan yes!!"
y eats a fruit that allows you to produce quick food
y produces ramen
"i have a ramen fruit oh no!" (actually has some other fruit).
Also how does Luffy stands straight while he's 100% rubber
best navigator in shown in the series,can predict weather better than god himself
decent fighter,took out a cp9 member,a baroque works member who was their strongest female fighter all preseries
tricked enel
mastery over the waver,showed a natural ability on the vehicle that takes decades to master
master cartographer and weather scientist confirmed iq of 150+
steals from pirates and gets away with it
superior schemer,struck a deal with alabasta for 1 billion berry
never shown training or practicing her fightning abilities,so strong she doesn't need to
jew tier money managing skills,allocates funds for their crew,doesn't let luffy do what he wants with their pirate money
stole a piece of a yonkous soul and made it her personal slave
attacked big mom and did damage to her
people from wano think she is a ninja or witch because of her advanced weather jutsu
helped luffy beat cracker,for over 10 hours of constant fighting,superior feat of stamina
all pirates except strawhats are killed
all the moon except one fall down and are destroyed
no more devil fruits
the seas become one
all non human intelligent races killed
noble system abolished for democracy
the world gov reigns supreme
the strawhats lived happily ever after though
Eat for example wax wax fruit
Ok I now ate a DF
how the fuck does he produces wax
not mentioning her giant titties
is the internal captain of the crew of the pirate king
distract kaido
strawhats buy literally the cheapest shitiest devil fruit
usopp shoots the fruit with his kabuto from 100000 range into kaidos mouth
kaido just dies
edgyretard
retard
btich 
The only good trio in One Piece.
No brother Peros
luffy : gear 5,awakening 
zoro : kings haki,all 3 cursed sword or a seastone sword,learning foxfire techniques from wano
nami : some type of logia devil fruit,five powers moon step
sanji : maybe seastone shoes
usopp : sea stone bullets,haki infused bullets,feeding kabuto a df
robin : armament haki,awakening,five powers techniques 
franky : different body,something slimmer like pre-ts made out of sea stone
brook : awakening where he drags the souls of others into the underworld and fights them soul to soul outside physical bodies,soul possession 
jimbe : more fishmen karate techniques,ability to go into advanced fishmen state like if he was using energy steroids without actually taking them
carrot : sulong form outside of full moon,haki,full control over sulong form
strawhats
carrot
Zoro confirmed to be vice captain and the strongest next to Luffy
Nami is stated to be the internal captain according to the yellow databook
strawhats
Was
trio
not a single drop
while croc is sweating and drooling
The Pleasures always smile regardless of the circumstance, even when taking damage
He doesn't know what the goat is for 
hack 
not the most intelligent based god on earth
there will never be smoothie doujins
people still think WCI had better character design
Become DF trafficker 
Get the OP- OP fruit
Become King
Train someone to be Uber loyal to you
Give them the fruit
Get invited to the Reverie
Op OP slave switches your mind with Imu
Op Op slave makes your new Imu body immortal
Rule the world for eternity
smoothie
ceasar and enel united
Romance Dawn as an example of stuff that wasn't fleshed out yet
Enel literally won
Caesar and Buggy
you will never fuck mihawk while he holds his kitchen cross knife to your throat
you will never fuck him hard enough to where he agrees to fuck you while holding yoru at your neck
you will never spit on his eyeballs and lick them
Hawkins, Drake and A poo
Be Caesar Clown
Be tasked by Big Mom to create a giantification formula 
Just drugs some kids with a candy that will probably kill them so it seems youre making progress
Be tasked by Kaido to create Devil Fruits
Create chinese knockoffs dfs that turn anyone that eats them into freaks
Spend all the money you didnt use on research to buy hookers
less than twenty chapters into the arc
already have monstrosities such as holdem or dobon
turns
Sol Strawhats 
All these memers
before /opg/
after /opg/
The fodders are headliners. I want characters like Perospero/Tamago
All these lying memers
Oh, you think society is your ally. But you merely adopted the society; I was born in it, moulded by it.
Oven or Daifuku
the ending of that movie gets me every time
Buggy
Big Mom didn't really have a specific rank below the Sweet Commanders, but the guys right below them are people like Oven, Daifuku, and Perospero
forced to put down your sensei
the Marines are trying to be stoic and do their duty
Doberman of all people is the one that can't hold back his tears
a spear for Judge
a sword for Niji
Yonji’s always has the Winch gauntlets 
women
Jack
Queen
King
....Ace
m-muh weevil headcanon!!!
phone
readms
Doberman of all people
phone
thinking that Vegapunk is on Wano
caring about where anons post from
thinking he's not
narrator=Oda 
no evidence Z is canon 
Favourite Homie
Not based Zeus 
Movie characters appear once in the manga to discuss new movie antagonist and promote new movie.
Questioning One piece logic?
Z-z-ZEPHYR IS CANON I SWEAR BROS!!!!!
Want to be a hero
Tie a fucking log to arm
who is in the cage
no new crew members after Jinbe even though Oda has confirmed otherwise in interviews
she isn't another Nami with a different hair color.
Monet
What is Vivi
I will make Law pirate King
Jinbe is Type F. Next 2 members will probably be Type F and XF.
Why do people care about who the fucking main character ends up with?
Travel with the Strawhat for more chapters
Jack
Believing other females have a chance with Luffy
Not having a blue eye fetish
minister of flour
deflowers luffy
He thinks D's are important
internal captain 
literally gets told to shut the fuck when things get serious 
Usopp situation Zoro shut her up 
Sanji situation shut her up
Sanji literally became the captain instead of her on Dressrosa 
inb4 b-but look at what it says here wahhh
Carrot has traveled with the SH for more chapters than Vivi
Ace
Katakuri tier
Editors force Oda to give haki a color
He makes it jet black to cost them more ink as revenge
literal seething of the Lanjicucked
I can imagine they all watching the World Cup and Katakuri screaming GOAL before it actually happens and Mama beats him for spoiling the game
final chapter of the Reverie arc
Dragon walks out holding Im's decapitated head
four pages of enel reaction faces
dragon falls asleep upright
the only romance is strawhats with adventures
post ts is full of romance
t. retard
Oda himself edits each card.
Vivre Cards contradict the canon manga and you seriously expect anons to ignore that and trust the cards over Oda's actual fucking story.
tfw retardation in one piece thread reach such level than I'm not even sure if this post is ironic or no
seething this hard because the vivre cards are not only canon but individually edited by Oda himself 
no proof 
no u
That robin
toys.
Vivi is not an ex strawhat
having to even ask such an obvious question
cant prove anything
still seething because the Vivre Cards are canon from Oda
oh, those are the figures I have not the ones I want to get next.
Feels weird that there's no Usopp
Ace knew all forms of haki
third post now he's failed to prove anything
still trying to deflect from his imaginary "inconsistencies"
Only CoC is rare and Ace knew its lore and possessed it, the top haki.
he had no idea about the other ones, old Whitebeard was unaware of Haki as he trained Ace for multiple years more than Rayleigh trained Luffy trying to ready him to become the next pirate king.
it's funny how those figures look so nice
get fucked
desperately change goalposts
I cant prove Ace has anything other than CoC
fourth*
holding gun in left hand
cant see out of left eye
screech autistically like a chimp when exposed on your headcanon that Ace has all forms of haki
B
I cant prove Ace has anything other than CoC
Luffy's best friend not there.
When you're doing what you accuse others of doing and also mistakenly assuming you're talking to one anon.
ace has CoO and CoA because all VA's do 
robin and brook so low
any yonko commander besides Ace that doesn't know haki
VAs are stronger than Yonko Commanders.
who is garp
who is tsuru
still seething he cant prove Ace has anything other than CoC
no u
usual autism kicks in just as the thread dies
Namichads
says the illiterate spic 
akainu says out loud he's gonna kill luffy before killing ace
"how did ace know akainu was gonna kill luffy? it must be haki!!!11!!"
vivi felt like an actual part of the crew
fire punching magma means you have CoA
deal with the page
Even weakened Whitebeard was being melted by those hits.
headcanon
no argument
Ace has CoA
muh dick
Vivi couldn't join because she's too rational and persuasive so Luffy would become too boring.
it's actually stated that Mera Mera is vulnerable to Magu Magu,
and theres nothing stated suggeting that Mera Mera offers 'resistance' to being melted
This is contradicted in the next page when Ace is melted.
first he got burned
I only remember it being stated that it didn't.
Ace could have saved Luffy and only been singed if only he had activated mera mera saving Luffy.
completely melted
""""even""" fire.
Asuka, what are you doing..?
It's not me, Anon assumed control of my body..
Thug life
2 years and still no sign of mofu, echo, dark or even pekorin.
Time travel based plots are retraded!!!111
Here lies Homare
She never scored
that hand on hand action
the dresses blooming
and this is our son's room
What's the one next to Doki Doki?
Is Wedding Peach worth the time?
Should I rewatch Shugo Chara or read the manga?
Why was Full Moon so sad?
literal fake news
that face
final episode
Hugtan marries Harry
next day
that dog's original owner comes to pick it up
real time henshin 
more gay
is yaoi
Youtuber x Hana
thanks for that one time you didn't kill me
That Chad pose
This is the future /pc/ chose.
Hana cucking Emiru's brother
/pc/
onii-chan catches him
when you wake up with that morning wood and still remember where you left off in your sex dream
/pc/ right now
Has any female rider rode their own bike? I honestly can't remember.
the city of Yui
baby claps a tambourine, it's cute
reigniting the lost love between father and daughter
first male Precure
best girl gets heart broken (a second time) by a literal hamster
Cure Gorilla
Everyone assuming his gender.
Everyone excited about Henri
When Cure Batman did it years ago
It's real
Breaks leg
Becomes a cure
this kills the Julio
transphobic
Zombieland
Bloom Into You
Gay Catboys
Double Decker
Ms Vampire
Anima Yell
Precure
CCS
progressive
Reading that quote by the writer for Clamp who lumped homosexuality in with pedophilia when it came to the relationships in CSS
44: Saaya arc conclusion
pandering to LGBTards just because you want to save your shit series from dying
your shit series is gonna die soon anyway
thinking precure will end
it doesn't pander to me waaaa
I was just pretending to be retarded! Much lolz were had!
Precure wont die before Rider, and Rider is gonna persist until Sentai kicks it(financially).
until Sentai kicks it(financially)
instead healing the oshimaida breaks its spine
Aikatsu staff
Henri getting raped on drugs
Zi-O does good. Precure does better than before. Sentai might actually end for a while if the next series aren't a success.
show for little girls panders to little girls
out of nowhere
people calling hugtto best precure just because it had a male cure
making up strawmen because you have no defensible point
trannies getting hyped over a one-off cure, thinking Henri is now any more meaningful than Julio.
CCS
SM
Anything like Hugtto
lets out a massive fart on /pc/
gay Cure
*gay male Cure
*gay white male Cure
Syaoran
times when Ruru had personality
Happy still there
Her name is literally "Boobs"
that oufit
Forced to wear tight codpiece
those boots
 hey goku, wat to tie the knot with me
 sure that sounds fun
Not because they were sad, but because of nostalgia.
it is a secret prequel
will tell the story of the Mirai’s Life with the first Serval
People had low to no expectations of Kemono Friends
will tell the story of the Mirai’s Life with the first Serval. That’s why the animation, character styles, and tone look like a departure
young
cow tits
kemonoplasm deposits
Shanks used the Tactical Stocholm Syndrome on the kid Luffy!
It was super effective!!
t. speedreading mongrel
inb4 he can’t post any proof because he’s fucked up the ass eternally so he’ll deflect with a post that isn’t any proof
t. seething HuntardNPC
NPC
Proof Shanks has the time to do it? 
Proof Shanks wanted to?
no proofs
defending a yonko getting his arm bitten off by tiny sea king while old man rayleigh easily chads through a big one
he is still doing it
no argument
He is based because he pretty much showed to everyone that Oda is a hack
inb4 Mihawk duels
born a yonko 
Yonko now means born a yonko.
He clearly said that he bet the arm
what I can’t understand is retarded reeeeeeeeeeee
now he’s a fucking retard who can’t speak English so posts this pathetic deflection instead of correcting his brain dead post
he took the arm of a Warlord, what do you think?
And knowing what we know now, are we suppose to believe that he couldn't beat the monters and save the kid without losing his arm?
debunk an assumption contrary to the canon material
replies with a boogeyman
still no argument
He clearly said that he bet the arm
I know that you stupid 
Just like literally all other shonen
comparing hody to some random east blue monster
Have you ever cried over an anime?
final episode
I hope you enjoy worms in your food faggot
Same goes for the archery.
final episode
illya episode
/vg/ crossboarder
we've been watching this for almost a whole year
last episode is sitting on my hard drive
can't bring myself to watch it just yet
Rin gets traded to the Matous and Sakura stays with the Tohsaka
Illya would stomped but that was the case with Berserker
/fit/
already owns a home and a good fortunate
Rank EX cooking
won't hesitate to protect you with his life
has extremely rare red hair genes
saber completely nonchalant during Leysritt/Rider's wild ride
rank EX cooking
implying you wouldn't let him protect you
They didn't invite Archer
Basically shirou but with a dark brooding past and more maturity
Rin is his master and likes Shirou
ponytail Rin
won't hesitate to protect you with his life
How did she get these photos
I could have made better cookies
my butt crack is so itchy right now
I wish I were at home eating eggs
Even in Prisma, Kiritsugu is a shit dad
"Emiya Shirou should never have become a chef."
"That's wrong, Shirou. Your way of cooking is wrong."
"I ask of you, are you my sous chef?"
"I just...want to see everyone eat delicious meals. That's all."
"Someone who can't cook for his own sake can't possibly understand what it means to cook for others."
"Enjoy this meal...SABEEERRRRR!!!!"
Fate/Cooking Night
Ah, so you've finally got your oil in the pan. But what of it? It should be obvious by now that the difference in our cooking skills is like night and day. This changes nothing, Emiya Shirou. You are still going to lose.
My pots and pans still work. It was my spirit that was weak. It was weak because it had accepted that Archer was correct. But just because you're correct doesn't mean that you're right. I don't care about any of that.
no Archer episode
tines down in the right hand
Who defeats Shirou the most throughout the outcomes we experience in the VN?
blows all of her cash on bitcoins 
good father
illya didn't invite Archer
I just brought back an entire tree from the forest in the bitter cold with one hand and I don't even get the big piece of chicken
"Buying you some ingredients is fine, but you don't mind if I serve that thing, right?"
watch Prisma Illya
The idea that a single, lovingly made home-cooked meal could make everyone happy is nothing but a fanciful fairy tale. A chef can't save anyone.
Fate Shirou
UBW Shirou
HF Shirou
Angra Mainyu
Archer
Archer Alter
Prisma Illya Shirou
Miyuverse Shirou
Pseudoservant Muramusa Shirou
all of the evil in the world
best anything
/a/ told me to avoid Prisma
Prisma manga is drawn fucking amazingly
anime has a budget of approximately 2 monopoly dollars and some old crumpled receipts
it looks mostly like Magical Girl lolicon service
1 chance for Butler Herc 
blow it
she is actually able to fight servants
final episode
even then it rarely ever works hence the constant looping/repeating in HA.
Charm loop
Hey Lancer, you hate your master, right?
Here let me stab you with Rule Breaker real quick
Serve me and you can kill your master and also you'll get lots of fights with the strongest servants as they come trying to kill us
sound like a deal?
gilgamesh eating something as plebian as a corn dog
Sakura's Rider
B rank ME: prevents servant from speaking
A rank ME: servant can talk just fine
dude ayyliens lmao extraverse bullshit
fucking other women who aren't Illya inside Illya's own home
last episode of Emiya dinner
postcreedit scenes
See ya in 
Hollow Ataraxia anime
first half of every episode is day time shenaginans and slice of life
second half is night time plot and fights
trading loyalty so easily
Herc gets his one line in HF
Miyuverse shirou is literally just an improved version of HF shirou
Miyu is an angel worth saving unlike the absolute personality black hole that is Sakura
OP
10-15 minutes of various day time shenanigans
ED
spooky music starts playing
Bazett jolts back to life and part of the night plot happens for the rest of the episode
Only 1 episode left until the end of the show
Only 1 episode left until the show ends 
why does she sit like that?
maybe her butt hurts
from what?
constanza goes here
an absolute angel and literally the perfect wife, yet has well-explored and justified flaws that make her feel human, as opposed to the artificial-feeling moe "flaws" that Saber and Rin have
girls liking bad guys
he doesn't get aroused at the thought of a sarcastic murderous asshole who fucks so hard he can be compared to a tool that breaks concrete
excessive fanservice
yep, this is definitely a guy, all hail the King! -- England
ugly characters look good, like the blue elf slut
and she's like 14 with the bust of a 11 year old.
he didn't read the VN
Berserker go rape Rin and Saber pls
K
Rhongomyniad only disrupts that effect and allows her to age to some extent.
had half of them kill the other half to test their resolve
hero of justice consorts with yakuza
hot teacher
hot
 F/GO
rider's dress
CCC was shit
 Last Stardust was better than EMIYA
but he's not a traitor.
Was Sparks Liner High not an ending present in the first release of the VN?
Jannu Lily calls Amakusa her Tuxedo Mask
Even UBW is a pretty mediocre adaptation
they'll OVA the normal end of HF for the bluray instead of Sparks Liner High
The show was well received when it was airing.
The show was well received
UBW in particular, but a bit cluttered and with forgettable characters.
Miura wasn't the guy for it. Now, if Sudou delivers a proper HF adaptation, I will rage to no fucking end.
Fucking Miura hinted how Shirould could feel Archer's presence in ep3 and never used it again. The fucker forgot that Shirou found Rin in ep12 because he felt Archer.
MIUUURAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHH
I'm rewatching the UBW movie just because and I love how they added key lines for the viewer to understand better the plot. It makes me appreciate it even more now. UBW anime failed in this, Miura failed because he is a hack. If HF turns out to be a better product, I'll be mad as fuck. Fortunately Miura got kicked out HF directing. The guy is a hack.
Nasu saying he didn't want UBW and F/Z to be treated as part of the same story because they are not, then Miura saying he wants it to be a Zero follow-up.
Nasu wanted to add new scenes and change stuff, but Miura handled it badly and it felt disjointed. The HF manga is a great example of adding new stuff that makes sense to add.
The problem was in general that they tried to please both sides and came out wrong. They should have gone with Nasu's idea of a Fate route over UBW but Miura is a stubborn bull and wanted his Rin pandering. They had a bad call about the chosen route, HF would have been better too, but it was stuck for now after they tried that incoherent and inconsistent UBW mess.
The booklet has Nasu version of some pivotal episodes and is far better than what Miura came up about at the end. It's kind of a shame really.
Look at HF manga. It simply adapts a route and it's done a fucking good job so far so nobody complains. It's also self contained.
Miura and sudou both are shit directors. They should have hired the KNK 5 director.
already owns a home and a good fortunate
 It had slow pacing
 Original scenes were all pointless drab
 Fights were awful
 character designs
Kara no Kyoukai the Garden of sinners 
Tsukihime (Moon Princess)
Melty Blood
Fate/stay night
Mahoutsukai no Yoru (Witch on the Holy Night)
page 10 already
inb4 "it was always trash"
no argument 
Huntard
no argument
irrelevant 
says the obviously triggered HuntardNPC
28 unique faces 
sameface
look guys, i can count to 28
no argument 
there're 28 unique faces because i want to believe so!!
ONE
Oda
Good writers
ONE
The reason shitty shounens keep going for decades.
no togashit 
creator of the biggest anime hit in recent years.
literal who
ONE is a genious
This is not bait
Samefagging
muh OPM and Mob have LITERAL SAME PLOT
Any author that uses Time skip to not tell a story is a crap author.
An overlystrong character as main character as a satire of shounes
Everything besides them is what you would expect of a manga being a SoL/Shounen
The whole concept of Shounen/SoL is shattered when the MC joins the plot
Repeat for x arcs
Not the same plot
Opposed
Imagine thinking time skip is justifiable in any story
moving goal posts
Comparing Oda to Tolkien and Lovecraft
anon check old opm threads on 4chan everyone is praising one
o-opm threads hating on opm d-don't matter it still sells 
The action is just fanservice
OPM was huge
An overlystrong character as main character as a satire of shounes
Everything besides them is what you would expect of a manga being a SoL/Shounen
The whole concept of Shounen/SoL is shattered when the MC joins the plot
it's the easiest way to make something happen without having to show it.
it’s okay when MY favorite author does it!
BUT the story is told from the main character point of view, the lack of those 5 years show how his life was meaningless, the 5 years didn't even matter to him. they skip by him, so they skip for us as well.
Not even OPM satire its a parody.
getting mad after getting exposed
ITT: hiatuspics try to pit the two/three best mangaka(Inoue) of the last three decades against eachother in a VShonen /v/ war
One Punch Man isn’t even shonen 
Araki
Arakawa
Inoue
Zatch Bell author
Togashi
One
That pedo who wrote Kenshin
Neverland author
Look up all the old OPM threads on ANY platform and its ONE that is being mentioned and praised
asspulls are now good writing 
The same for Luffy
I remember one exception
Automatically an hypocrite
literally seething like an autistic child when called out on his own hypocrisy 
Ok, I can live being called hypocrite by retards.
ishida
shonen
sad Brainlet that cant read
being this assblasted when called out on being a retard 
Luffy was training to become stronger which is the only way he has to become PK, how doesn't this involve his goal?
The time skip in One Piece is there for three reasons
1. Power ups
2. Redesign
3. Setting off new plots without having to worry about writing they organicaly
who won the special olympics?
Its okay.
if I deny the fact I’m a retard it’ll never be so!
he dropped it's okay
Headcanon: the post
no argument
vlcsnap
Its almost like it was never intended to be seen at that resolution or something
 mob psycho 100 the best shounen of all time. It did'nt over stay it's welcome
vlc
The egg looked already cracked to the dude
They’re always fucking
no blacks around
rouge lolis
Fucking Yui
Colors and UzaMaid flopping because of having self-insert pricks
Bocchi and Wataten will be selling so much for not having them
prick-kun
Was he autistic?
hating on harem
Sadistic
those runny ass eggs
It is OK if the recipe changes a bit because our spirit is in there
take responsibility
taking responsibility
One-time
Implying she wouldnt tie you down, get you to brink of orgasm herself, then plop Yoshiko on your dick to finish until she gets pregnant and you're stuck
have kid with yoshiko 
kid comes out non retarded
she fucking leaves him by himself while I'm at work to go chase butterflies outside all day
he dies of hunger because he is an infant
get someone pregnant
stuck
take responsibility
this will never get another season
A wannabe normalfag like Akkun living with the stigma of running out on a pregnant teenager
A wannabe normalfag like Akkun living with the stigma of having a teenager pregnant
half uncooked omelette
no ass
Not knowing how good runny eggs are with rice
Raw eggs.
AUTISTIC
People thinking they can outsmart AhoMom
Dicking someone more psychotic than Yoshiko and her mom
get offended when someone likes their steak well done
call soft boiled eggs "barbaric"
not leaving the kid with grandma and grandpa
Corsicans and Sardinians eat cheese with literal fucking maggots in it
AUTISTIC
Trick mom into letting you drill her in all 3 holes for months on end
Bail when she figures out that you're sterile
not drilling the mom before you bail
Corsicans and Sardinians
implying people live there
.jpg
The french president posts on /a/
premarital sex
See and work with someone honest and sweet like the retard but whos not retarded
ywn hit on that
He can only fuck his co-workers if they are retarded
3dpd
panda
Feels like I'm wearing nothing at all!
work
Too dumb to realize that she's cute
its okay to hate women
pre-marital sex
her mother isn't
I don't want retard babies.
"I want to be molested"
hfw
The retard misunderstands how sex works
She sits on your face and begins vigorously moving her hip
you will never be 'forced' to eat her banana split 
her mom will never direct her on how to properly copulate by guiding her onto your banana and praise her while her daughter is getting impregnated
she doesn't know how to sex
you don't know how to sex
mom has to guide your erect penis into her daughters vagina
Ahomom trying to give the both of you advice as you are turning her daughter's insides to mush
Feeling her hot breath on your bits as she closely watches to make sure ponos stays in the retards vagoo.
She will never use her retard strength to tighten her grip on your junk as she tries her best to milk you
snip snip
"Wow this banana is amazing!"
Don't lose focus! You must cum before he does!"
what is child support
by the way, she's 5th grader
by the way, she's 5th grader
oyakodon
NTRing the father 
her husband is just proto-Akkun
this isn't ok
That last panel
Sugita
Aoi Yuuki
Sumire Uesaka
Yoko Hikasa
Even the background characters are stacked as fucked
Probably the most stacked cast
main girl in the first volume
first girl to make her appearance
first girl to have her fruity cover
first girl to kiss the MC
representative girl in Jump stuff
author's glasses fetish in all his series
gets essentially replaced by Uruka
here have some lesbian antics intead

younger loses
china dress loses
carries in the arms of a VF loses
early romance loses
Safespace thread died early
Make a new thread to shitpost
Use Rizu to falseflag
/thread
Anime does not have floof
I'm new to anime and these impress me
No Starlight episode 12
All sharing the same staff
Happy Sugar Life
Somehow doesn't understand that animation requires more than 1 frame
takes a month to draw 1 image
have to draw a sequence of images that flow together well enough to be called animation in a week
yugami is Batman confirmed
"Do not badmouth yugami in front of his friends!" 
socially retarded
tries to be normal but fails
wants friends but fucks it up
doesn't know akyiama
yikes
his brain is literally 2-dimensional
existential void
have thought of joining sangha
have had omnicidal thoughts
easily swindled by pussy, would like to have a princess
good looking
a doctor 
like wandering around 
collects coins 
killed a giga nigga in the surgery room
wear comfy hats at home
killed a giga nigga in the surgery room
bazzilion chapters later, ippo became a ashura.
he will be known as The Nioh from here and on.
i'm sorry, master, i have to go all out. i have to use 「that move」...
When your side characters are allowed to be developed and you can't because you only exist as a running gag
all the Hanebado girls got dakimakuras except the best girl
Jougasaki
Mika
pole dancing idols
being anything other than a CoolP
And all she wants is P
flat,750x1000,075,t.jpg
flat
YD
Who is the best idol
she is in the same room
implying
from what little I know
tu ne lui donneras jamais des cours de français de ta vie
pourquoi vivre
tfw manga cancelled
quads
LITERAL sluts
Police idol
Dresses like a prostitute 
but I didnt do anything sexual
14
im@s JCs
nice
14
"revealing" outfits
male self-insert
the girls are all in love with him
fear of SJWs is the reason not to localize im@s
Your idols discover tramp stamps
Younger idols desperately trying to upstage older ones by pushing their sex appeal to the limit
tfw I have a Mika statue I hot glued a couple times
prefer Frederica though
microbikini is for flat idols
big guy
in a squad with the 2 sluttiest lolis
a slut that isn't actually a slut
purest gal
wanting to fuck girls who've already been railed by their producer
Image cap
fart sex
Have the power to control and kill anyone anywhere at any time
Still gets caught
be the world's "best and brightest detective"
get killed by a random japanese student
”Hey guys, who do you think the real Kira lent his notebook to? There are millions, if not billions of people who voice their support for him every single day.”
”How about this random guy who voiced his support for Kira?” 
”That’s him!!!”
have supergenius against him
wins
has two more supergeniuses against him
still only loses because his subordinate fucked up
Have the power to control 4channel content and make whatever thread you want
Still makes a shit thread
4channel
be God of Death
get manipulated into killing yourself by a random Japanese student
not wanting to differentiate yourself from the cringiest and most deprived people on the internet
be basement dwelling Anon
get manipulated into killing yourself by a random Anon from 4chan
he thinks Makise is my waifu
have to know the target's face and name, and have both the death note and a writing implement, and have enough time to write their name
"the power to control and kill anyone anywhere at any time"
luluco sitting near you eating toast gives you this look of disdain
the theme is healing
more believable behavior of his opponents
'the genius that will descend into darkness'
plays a goofy mojang game for 20 years
The match would have kept going on and on without a winner in sight. 
Ichikawa was in a much better position
goofy
that Pei
Not really, anything could happen with either 60 000 vs 80 000 or 6000 vs 8000.
it's simply less likely to lose the same relative adavantage the larger the absolute advantage
it's ugly so it sucks
xD
Slashdog
What the fuck was even the point of Ingvild?
Or it could just be Kunou
Old novel by Ishibumi that he rewrote and reincorporated in the the DxD canon
Issei needed a bard
needing strategy when he can just DXD anything
3
Abe
demon hunter
sword and gun user
white hair
disdain for devils
acceptable banter
forgetting pic related, the ultimate Gary Stu
Milicas
Saji will get Sona
after deliberations on the matter of the latest match, we judges have come to a conclusion
as the king of the team Red Dragon Emperor of the Blazing Truth Issei Hyoudou has already been established as being one and the same with Ddraig, Ddraig's retirement from the game is intended as retirement of the king
this event happened in the course of the match during minute 37, afterwards the match became even more highly irregular and unconventional and had been suspended due to such happenings
we have also received complaints from other contestants and after this match we have decided to strengthen the reality barriers created for the playing fields and decided to penalize any contestant that purposefully damages said barrier in the future matches, the technique knows as "dress break" is still allowed as long as it does not infringe on this latest ruling
all things considered this match has officially ended
the victory goes to Rias Gremory's team

Kiba becomes too paralyzed to attack and Crom ends up charging him laughing like a madman
tobio's
2 Sets of wings
Bathing with another man and washing his back is cheating so it counts.
now
everyone gets sick of Issei never initiating anything and moves on from him
implying it isn't Kiba and the males raping Issei
Also how the FUCK does Rias' new outfit work?
flooding the world with broken half breeds
rampant incest fetish
DxD volume 2
reminder that dxd will long die before anyone ever gets laid.
issei openly admits he loves rias 
two of them share bond and relationship is about to take next step at end of season/volume
next season/volume issei is either dumb/obvious/confused about his feelings for rias and their relationship and the process repeats itself all over again
Vali's past
He could take his mom's name and that pillar would get reinstated
No Rias
But I can't possibly call her that!
Acowno
Nothing but stockings
breasts are filled with dreams
Great Red is the power of dreams
5 years
tripfag
its actually a namefag
Bakugo turning into a Nomu
Hori doing anymore Dark stuff
bakushit gets captured AGAIN
more Bakugo focus
building him up over and over again
to then kick him down
setup
hurrr dark dark edgy all shonen manga need to be more dark and edgy, durr kill off all the main characters make Stain the MC durr durr edgy durr
Decuck will job to Monoma
a setup for something darker, right?
Hori 
doing dark stuff after the Yakuza 
LARPing as Bakugo
gives it to Bakugou for some reason
Bakugou later gives it back
I-It's a false f-flag!
n-not even bakufujos can be this cancerous
When you feel an explosion reach all the way to your womb
Introduces and hypes up Setsuna, mentioning what a dirty girl she is
BakuGOD up and rapes her next chapter
Momo loses 
Kendou wins but feels like she lost
Tokage just gets fucked her first time doing anything
 he doesn't think hori is going to rip off star wars 
manga is going to shit
interest is waining
threads are trash

tfw it will be 10 years until the 2 shaded Holders are revealed
that's not a thing Japs generally do
team it up with giganto
Of all the shitters, stus, and jobbers in this series, who do you hate the most?
this chapter was so bad it birthed a new grapefag tier shitposter
but I dislike Bakugo worse because his "defense" is more cancerous and prevalent in threads
better characters
BYG again, and clearly being forced after months of being ded (after a newfag was sniffing around a few days back)
"I remember the Kaminari thread", (2 years ago) 
'I remember the Muscular is Bakudad', even though if any faggot was actually around for the forest arc , they'd remember that we rejected it instantly in part of it being leddit headcanon
other things that never happened here such as 'Brava=Mineta's mother' or 'Gentle=Aoyamas father', but I'm almost certain is something some other fucking retarded site took seriously
Shoto
Fumikage
Momo
Tenya
4
Fun
He was part of the reason Shoto jobbed.
My predecessor
He
'Sperg Bully x Battered Wife Yandere'
breather arc
lasts longer than the only serious arc this year
breather arc
make setsuna a recommended student just to job to make bakugo look better
We’ve had like three breather arcs for the shittiy overhaul arc
"sure"
1 had too much Frogwank
2 was fucking hilarious
3 was fucking hilarious
4 was the most based thing I've ever seen in my life
based
Bakushit in Pokemon
Bakuhaters are Pokefags
Inb4 hurrr Deku cuck
Post Kamino is killing the fucking anime
Quirk that lets you detach and control flying segments of your body and remotely detonate them
Deku goes from quirkless to inheriting all the predecessors quirks
Trusts them to have his back if things go south
Leads them to victory
taking everything Bakugou says seriously
hey bakugou you were really good as a one-time drummer
this clearly means you're a born leader
i just hope deku doesnt unlock more quirks somehow
still having a tantrum about bakugou
be bakugou 
class doesn't care much for your behavior 
help them out once with a stupid festival band
they now trust you with everything 
paper thin characters 
boring fights
90% ripped off from other, better stories
plot that goes nowhere 
still sells because le boobies
I'm not wasting my life waiting for this shitshow to go somewhere
the literal words
can't parse the actual meaning
tfw hori will never kill all the females
one off comments 
meaning anything 
his upgrade is he can run away faster
Bad guys literally ALWAYS become good guys, no matter how bad their misdeeds were
Nobody ever fucking dies
MC always wins because FRIEND POWA
Magic bullshit 
Bad guys stay bad. 
People die and stay fucking dead.
fights rely on trying to work with the ability you have to overcome and outsmart the foe's ability, it's almost never based on pure strength vs strength shit.
MC wins never through friend power, always tries to win through his own strength or ACTUAL team work.
Help her up and carry her disoriented body to my place.
Let her sleep on my bed as I sleep on the couch
Deal with her freak out when she wakes up.
Ask her if she's ok.
"You don't have to tell me what happened, but you do have to eat this." as I hand her a bowl of eggs.
Ask if she needs a ride home.
Tell her to take care.
paintfag is unironically following a series for 2d TnA
get owned
respond with non-arguments 
BnHA
bad guys
liking the thots
People die and stay fucking dead.
fights rely on trying to work with the ability you have to overcome and outsmart the foe's ability, it's almost never based on pure strength vs strength shit.
MC wins never through friend power, always tries to win through his own strength or ACTUAL team work.
drumposting is now a thing
flat bust
I behold enough idiocy
being dead before story started
who is Nighteye
who is Magne
who is Snatch

Not including reading comics along with not reading manga
Moving the goalpost.
All Might's fights are exactly that.
it's going to be like this for weeks until a new arc starts.
highschoolers
12
Speaking like not being a shonen was a sign of quality
tfw 4chan no more
tfw this is 4channel now
tfw we are all newfags again
Why are we still here? Just to suffer? Every night, I can feel my leg… and my arm… even my fingers. The body I’ve lost… the comrades I’ve lost… won’t stop hurting… It’s like they’re all still there. You feel it, too, don’t you?
Bakufag
Calm
look which boards are 4chan and which aren't
/int/ is still 4chan
Post Kamino
.
Would getting rid of what everyone with a brain watches the series for make the series better or worse?
even hori has realised how bad this arc is and cuts it down to two chapters for one fight
Implying anyone read the boring shit fest that was the school festival arc.
kaminari in B while Bakugo, Jiro, and Setsuna in A
wanting something darker from BnH
I would soon come to regret
fucking everything turns out perfectly fine
Stain was stopped and both Iida and Todoroki went through character development
all this Hori bullying 
Once they're pro heroes the real fun start .
Nighteye 
Magne 
Snatch 
nonstop
every week
stealing
this teamwork is too perfect to counter!!!
Literally admits to speedread and talk out of his ass
run of the mill passionate coach with expectations a la Guy from Naruto
literally goofball Monoma
And next youll tell us you have an IQ of 300
It was something I would soon come to regret.
It was something I still regret.
I dun liek herotardz zo im zmarter than thim.
Posts his retardation in the BNH thread.
I'm not wasting my life
plotfags cry about these fights taking too long and the characters never changing
Bakugou shows he's changed and one-chapter's the enemy team
How were they supposed to counter it
A "chan war"
Sally is back from the dead
Toga is still in storage after a year
Bakugou shows he's changed

They all got their licenses.
Vlad then:
Vlad now:
Lizard Tail Splitter
His quirk has a lot of potential too, imagine if he stole AFO's quirk, what a story that would be.
Mineta
Jobber
fucking based
female characters are designed to be sexually appealing
normie fans freak out when people find them desirable despite that being the intention
Bakugou advances his quirk so that all of his bodily fluids are nitro
collects his sweat, saliva, and piss in bottles
his bomb cave has a secret compartment filled with hundreds of 2 liter bottles of nitro
Bakugo has a versatile combat quirk but in terms of raw power output he's well behind Midoriya, Todoroki, and even Kaminari.
Eri Christmas arc
kos
potatoes
not paying taxes
That vendor
You ain't a member of the merchants' guild!
Merchant posting
at least for the west
They want to self insert but can't due to Kirito's alphaness
no
crunchyroll
cringe
yuros are into jojo and anglos are into GS 
the state of /a/
I called him an NPC back, that'll show 'em
seethe
Shitposting on friendship
Don't forget, Hitler ran away and killed himself in a dark hole like a rat
achievers
on /a/
Why are you coming in?
lock clicks
yuri in charge of not having the main character getting raped
pic related
Watching Gay Sex: The Animation
So old Gentelman Jojo is gone 
so is Dio
Will every part have a different Jojo
and Dio?
full blown jojotard
I shit on best part
I don't like it thereofre it's reddit!
this series is and always has been so reddit
Speedwagon looks from afar as Dio arrives at the mansion
"Truly... This was Jojo's Bizarre Adventure..."
repeating Araki's bullshit
only faggots
Almost every Jojofag
another thread is going to be ruined by VAfags in a couple of minutes
participating in 2018 JoJo threads when you hate VA
still no link
va fags
implying the gayest part isn't the one currently airing.
not part 7: bareback mountain
2 and 7 are the gayest
both have 100% pure white Jojos, no retarded nip genes
2 and 7 are also the best
bromance
4 last
Joseph's bio is just japanese blood type B stereotypes
He thinks part 2 is the gayest part
He doesn't know
If youre not a full blown jojotard after watching the worst part you don't deserve the series
he doesn't remember this scene
Part 1 was is garbage but it's short and has Dio / Chadwagon so it's okay
Part 2 has the worst villain in the series but fundamentally as a story it's written much better and has one of the best Jojo's
Part 3 has a painfully slow first half with it's villain of the weak formula. Important because it introduces stands which are the basis of all fights after this. Really good main cast outside of Jotaro who people shit on for being bland and quite 
Part 4 is where the series actually becomes god tier and Araki develops a proper understanding of how to use stands. Fights are really creative, the main jojo is good, and most will agree that it has one of if not the best villains in the series. Has more of SoL feel to it which seperates it from the rest of the series since it focuses a lot on the characters within the town it takes place in
Part 5 is the gayest part in the series design wise but it also has one of the strongest emphasis on fights. One of the best casts in the entire series. Shitty villain with shitty ending and the main protagonist gets a lot of criticism for being kind of like Jotaro and taking a back seat to the rest of the cast. 
Part 6 is the most heavily disliked modern part outside of maybe 3. Has the same problem of being really slow in it's first half but this time it's mainly because of shitty fights and characters that no one cares about. The only moderately okay characters are the villain and the another character that gets killed off midway in. After that the part really picks up and has one of the most kino endings in the entire series
UNIVERSE REBOOT NOTHING BEFORE THIS APPLIES ANYMORE
Part 7 is one of the best in series. Only really focuses on two characters and couple of others who occasionally help out if their interest align. Story is very well put together despite being one of the longest. Interesting fights from beginning to end with one of the best villains in the series to boot. 
Part 8 is still happening
part 6 had shitty fights
Reddit made a series in 1987
Goo Goo Dolls
Highway to hell
Dragon's Dream
Survivor
Yo Yo Ma
Good
both have 100% pure white Jojos, no retarded nip genes
as good as any other part
part one was dracula x HnK with a buff Richter Belmont as the MC
spoiler
Tell me it's anything but Little Bomber
Zipper Man
Little Bomber
mfw the dub used CR names
become a full blown jojotard right at the very start of episode 1
love the chivalry, the amazing clothing, the courtesy, the posture/strength of characters and all these classy elements
as each part ends the next one reduces these elements even more
mfw the current part has literally 0 of them and I don't even know why I'm watching it anymore
the only part that completely convinces you Jojo will lose the fight (and he does lose many of them, but he also overturns some, which comes as a complete surprise to the viewer)
the only part that completely convinces you Jojo will actually die (multiple times)
the last part where actual wits were employed in fights
cyborg nazis, portrayed as sympathetic
villains are infinitely superior to Dio both in characterization and power
part 2 hamon is much better than standshit
the last part with Christian references
They also try to shoe in mainstream anime tropes into parts 4 and 5 to attract a broader audience
the last part with Christian references

she actually drew him once
Giorno is Jesus
filler
kars created the stone masks that started the entire story
Kars
filler
the single most powerful character ever who literally can't be defeated by any single other character, even if they all combined their strengths
filler
Characters who are even better in the anime
Characters who are pretty much the same in the anime
Characters who are worse in the anime
”will there be another dio”
it takes long for people to understand what jojo is about
part 1
part 2
part 3
part 4
You're a SoL/Moefag
part 5
part 6
part 7
Buccellati
spin and hamonfag
Dio means God in italian
Giorna is the son of Dio(God)
stand ability is to create/give life
wanders into the enemy headquarters like a retard
it's obvious he's gonna get wiped without being able to fight back
fast forward five minutes later and he's fucking won the fight, Wham is completely defeated and Caesar is barely injured
expectations get completely twisted
and at the same minute, they are twisted again as Caesar makes one tiny mistake and gets instantly shredded
please someone look at me
when Sono Chi no Sadame starts playing
Caesar was introduced as a douche. 
His background shows how much of an idiot asshole he is. 
He became less of a douche until the very end where he blows up on Jospeh over stupid shit again. No character growth was ever actually shown because him and Joseph training was ALL OFF SCREEN
Dies in the most avoidable and retarded way and suddenly ok with Joseph again to give him his Hamon.
caesar dies to blow one last fart for joseph
joseph delays taking the antidote
I really liked part 1 and 2
tfw the QUALITY is starting to show for part 5
stupid shit again
suddenly ok with Joseph again
useless screaming grandpa that jobs because Araki wanted all the spotlight for Jotard

that's bullshit but I believe it.jpg
the last part with Christian references
"Part 2 is leddit xd"
trying to ship something "non problematic" in jojo
literally 0 motion anything but the cg bullets in the first shot, followed by a scene with only 1 frame of the arms jerking per guy
bullets veer at incredibly awkward angles from stationary guns
the mooks' faces
What the fuck am I watching?
dio taking advantage of people
it's also in character
people who like dio might also like abusive sexual relationships
tfw DIO will never groom you and fuck you and tell you nice things 
they dont like Jolyne/Anasui even though they could push all their transgender shit on him and have it be at least reasonable, because they're too mad that he killed his GF and is in prison for it
Reminder that if you're not a full blown jojotard by the end of chapter 1 you don't deserve the series and should drop it.
La Squadra has a group chat
part 1 in top 3
basic
likes dogs, which are known to slobber
hates cows because they slobber
Beach Boy and The Grateful Dead
White Album
Cioccolata
Green Day and Oasis
Doppio
caring for characters
in a shounen manga
what is One Piece
what is MHA 
what is Naruto
One Piece
MHA
Naruto
good characters
nobody cares about your opinion
proceeds to state his own opinion
he's cute with Weather and Jolyne
No fanfic of Anasui finally hooking up with jolyne and Weather slowly seducing Anasui away from her
became a qt through the power of love and friendship
pucci is a priest
gets defeated by a little boy
what the fuck am i watching
not knowing that part 1 is shit and jojo begins being good by part 2
Avdol doesn't die
Jotaro, Joseph and Kakyoin know this
Let Avdol's death ruin Polnareff and just don't tell him ever
Will every part have a different Jojo and Dio?
his
No one knows JOJO it's such an underrated and fun manga i hope it gets the popularity it deserves.
Everyone likes JOJO, this show fucking sucks dick and it's gay , only faggets watch this trash anime
this post was made by SPW foundation
What am I in for?
also i dont understand why do you like part 7 so much, it is pretty average
part 2 anime is better than manga
you will never ever have a cute cat stand
fights
superspics will defend this shit animation direction because muh fluidity
Weaker than Vegito
Weaker than Jiren
Weaker than Kefla
Weaker than Gohan
Weaker than Super Buu
Weaker than Cell
Weaker than Frieza
Weaker than Toriyama
Weaker than Vegito
Weaker than Zamasu
Weaker than Toppo
Weaker than Hit
Weaker than Muchi Muchi
Weaker than Omega Shenron
Weaker than Taopaipai
Weaker than Guldo
Weaker than Vegito
japs say that Gogeta is stronger than Whis
gorgeous
Whis still has UI hax, tho
6'0
tan skin
lion mane hair
manly scars
canonically handsome
/fit/
athlete
all-girl fanclub when he was 16
wolf motif
Super vs GT
Toeipacos vs Toyopedros
Blackfag(s) vs everyone
Gogeta vs Vegetto (which fusion will appear)
Frieza vs Cell (who'll replace Buu for ToP)
Gohan vs Caulifla (mindless unfunny shitposting)
Gohan vs Jiren (spic edits on both sides before the spic boom)
Vegeta vs Beerus (psychological victory for Vegeta)
Vegetto vs Kefla (insufferable scaling autism)
SSB(E) Vegeta vs Kefla (he held back final flash vs jiren guys)
Vegeta vs Frieza (manlet war)
Goku vs Vegeta (shitflinging near the end of ToP)
Beerus vs Jiren (furry asshurt)
Yamoshi vs Broly (it's not a Broly movie)
Jiren vs Broly (ongoing)
weaker than Toriyama
incel
Is there a big-
just make it a frame of him standing so we don't have to animate it
cats
monkeys
greys
manga not-KK fags in denial vs Redpill chads
Superchads vs Z/DB nostalgia grampas (whose eyes hurt by so many colors)
Bejita vs Chichi's lips
















no argument
Thanking god for something One Punch Man did for 12 Episodes straight
doesnt read filenames
Brolytardo beating a dead horse

Both won
Gogeta will fight Zamasu guys I'll cut my arm if he doesn't
it was Vegito
a retcon in potara time makes him able to reappear in the story
is still the strongest type of fusion
is confirmed his personality is the canon personality you get from fusing Goku and Vegeta (see M20 Gogeta) and not the non-personality M12 Gogeta had
"btfo" because his dance counterpart exist
Weaker than Broly and Zamasu
people think king cold is stronger than frieza
Jobhanfag thinks he's on 4chan posting spam
can't into context
12 episodes straight
studio now bankrupt, doesn’t even have the rights to season 2
some other guys take over your beloved franchise instead
12 episodes in a span of 4 years
manga canon
no kefla kamehameha
dragonball super manga is a continuation of the dragonball manga
dragonball super anime is a continuation of dragonball z anime
toppo says he doesn't want to kill anyone because it's against the rules
spams hakai
even his father thinks he's a faggot
Ui goku is stronger than Xeno Vegito 4 who had better feats than Post ToP Vegito Blue who should be relative to Gogeta
one episode later
Ui goku is stronger than Xeno Vegito 4 who had better feats than Post ToP Vegito Blue who should be relative to Gogeta
Goku is stronger than his fusions.
Dragon Ball Heroes
Fucking super jobber 4 
the fusion is capable of UI too.
But if they're so weak
toeipedros still upset the anime isnt canon
Using fanart
Goku is stronger than his fusions in an offshoot of an offshoot of an offshoot game which in its three non-canon versions has wildly different power levels.
liking TFS
Goku is stronger than his fusions.
what the fuck is divine ki?
Angel tier
DBH as a reference
Ui in RoF outfit
"toxic ideals of masculinity"
Broly powers up one more time into his Full Power form, and Gogeta skips straight to SSB, never giving Broly a chance to catch up.
Broly is raging, but Gogeta just laughs smugly. This is his fight. 
Broly can't accept defeat; he tries destroying everything around him with his fire-breath, but Gogeta just charges in and blasts Broly repeatedly, finishing it all off with his big gay energy ball.
Broly powers up even more and attacks, but Gogeta is still in full control, delivering a few of those megaton kicks he is known for in another universe. Broly attacks with a beam, but Gogeta dodges it with ease, landing a hard punch and effortlessly dodging Broly's explosion of smaller attacks. Broly is absolutely on the ropes, but Gogeta powers up even more, and Broly starts to show real fear. Gogeta comes after him relentlessly, pummeling him over and over again, further destroying the land around them, sending everything up in a gigantic mushroom cloud as Whis admires the spectacle from a distance. He knows Gogeta has got this.
red line
not amazing
he hasnt seen the Cake AMV
bills
Proper powerscaling is the single most important aspect of writing
boring busywork
retconned 70% statement
Gogeta have always been my favourite fighter in the entire series
Toriyama makes him real
retconned
Bills
stop liking things I dont like!!!!!!
Gohan seems like TFS version slightly. He is much more critical of Goku's idiocy, unlike 'OTOU-SAN!!!' kiss-up basedboy japanese Gohan, who overcompensates his politeness because Shinzo Abe tells toriyama to make Gohan a good role model for kids.
Tori admits Toyo knows more about Dragon Ball than even he does
Shueisha
Toriyama
SSBKK SSBE not in the movie
SSG Bejita
Bu-b-but Kale and Burory arent exactly the same, like my counterpart system says
Muh successor
B-but not-Toriyama posted a manga list, that MUST mean its canon
jap dub
newfag detected
b-b-b-b-b-but they said Cold's power was greater than Freeza's!
look at me so mature discussing the plot nuances in battle manga schlock in a tacky medium
Blue SSJ recolor
https://www.reddit.com/r/dbz/wiki/broly-summary
"King Vegeta does not believe this, so he takes a device for reading battle power from the medic and places it against the tank. Broly starts crying, and the device explodes. A scientist is nearby taking notes; she says that, even discounting outlier readings, Broly's battle power is quite high, and she speculates that Broly might be the legendary Super Saiyan."
battle manga
not gag manga
No I stopped caring about (thing someone likes) when I was 15. I'm sure you will too when you get older.
fucking a tranny
Gets whiter as he grows stronger
tranny
I, for one, discuss the complex nuances of a battle gag manga for toddlers
which is gay.
There's no dick
taking multipliers literally 
powerlevelfag response to a post that wasn't about powerlevelfagging
clop clop
Tan 
That base kefla
Zamasu does the best
But MUI Goku seems to bypass powerlevel all together.
Is there anything with actually good fight choreography that has this level of animation?
 White
Resurrection F
new Gogeta is fucking peak aesthetics.
Garlic Jr movie
that widows peak
orange vest
Fiction ever being "true" or "real"
Implying we have an objective canon
Implying the canon isn't an infinite metaverse where some Yamchas shit all over GoDs and angels
looks and acts exactly like the anime powerups
n.. No it's totally different trust me
Kamiccolo is far stronger than regular Super Saiyans
struggles against a Zarbon-tier opponent
desu
randoms Tagoma and Shisami getting their ass beat by Freeza for 4 months can get stronger than OG Android 17
complains about basic spic pandering
cant understand a children's show
Videl
brown girl/gyaru
defending trash Toei writing
calling anyone else a spic
kill
Stands full of Angels and GoDs.
GT CONFIRMED CANON
GT CONFIRMED CANON
GT
uber raped by gogeta
no argument
Vegito-sama Kefura-Chan Zamasu-dono please be gentle i need time to get going
infinite power
Lost to someone weaker than ui goku
headcanon assumptions to justify toei's shit writing
came out of Jiren's mouth
assumptions
not coping
still role-playing that jobren and Jobku are endgame when the owners of the franchise say otherwise
not backing up infinite power
seething and concession accepted
being a humanfag
did EGP give birth to the angels the namekian way?
La Puta Madre
vore
implying there was ever a goku fanbase
497 posts
98 posters
Bejita-sama
Burori-dono
G-GOGETA-SAMA, I PROMISE I WILL KISS CHI-CHI AND BULMA, BUT PLEASE SPARE MY LIFE, I BEG YOU!
not posting this
YOU! WILL! IMPREGNATE OUR WIIIIIVES!!
Uhh except for in the anime where he ponders if Goku is an alien like him?
disgusting
bimbo bulma
he didn't watch FAGs
A group of lolis embark on an epic voyage across a fictionalized Pacific Ocean, encountering mysterious islands and doing cute loli things
Little girls compete to become stand up comedians
The United Nations in New York, except it's all lolis and they handle international disputes with tickle fights and cuddling
Lolis learn computer animation and create CGI lolis
Seaward
Uncanny Valley
animes
animes
animes
animes
animes
animes
Animes
bunch of cute girls plotting to overthrow the government
killing the joke
animes
s
a group of lolis manage a mattress/bedding retail/rental store
animes
animes
Third Rock From The Land Of The Rising Sun
It’s Third Rock From The Sun but set in Japan
Still the rest of this season and another whole season to go
double agent
magician/esper hybrid
chill as fuck
bros with the Touman
convinces the big tiddied saint girl to dress as a lewd maid for the Touman
makes his sister dress as a maid and fucks her
wants to fuck his maid sister
wants
Just titfuck him Nee-chin
not Ass Titties Ass and Titties Ass Ass Titties Titties
slowly being domesticated
ero-goddess 
DM Maika clones
Himegami
nuns and touma walking in on chicks changing
short shorts
godess
magic side
science side
working together
16 +
teamwork
sexually liberated girls
is that so wrong?
magic is just science that has not been explained yet
no ss2
THMIMSSP
TCTCDBPTT
ROGBWIMAATH
filename
Kuroko being nice to Touma
she "took Touma to the hospital" even though she cant teleport. Probably ported Index away and then fucked Touma senseless to relieve him of his ailment
meat
Why did Misaki get to meat with Aliester
meat
Misaki get to meat with Aliester
go to a hospital for a cold
one of my favorite mangaka tweeted that he had to go to a hospital for a cold
Index and Touma kissing
doubting the Japanese cold
Mikoto is not a rapist
Virus infiltrating Mikoto's biri body and Touma's variable death zoo of an existence.
time to insert a comment about Nishikiori even though no one was talking about him of the index anime
meat 
very clearly made by a secondary
was made when the actual general was already like 200 posts in
Goes from spilling hot coffee to slamming people with buses, innocent bystanders that he himself choked unconscious and fire extinguishers
reading comprehension
saint breakout
almost 30 and still a virgin
war princess
delivered by praying
Thy compassion, thy conviction; delivered by praying to the righteousness of God. Become wrapped in mercy and ascend to Heaven!!
Misaki being athletic
Kuroko and Touma on the same team
Misaki was buttmad enough to acquire enough physical strength to spike Touma in the face
the most boring girls on the cover
Misaki jumping that high and spiking Kakine
Kuroko in the distance wearing that string bikini
she was being sexy for her man
OT Mikoto: Beta cuck
NT Mikoto: Alpha chad
fall in love with a boy
knows he likes me thanks to my traditional feminine charms and motorcycle riding skills
can't EVER see him EVER after all the work I put through in getting closer to him
start drinking

yfw Smartvery gets cut for them
Final volume will be titled "A Certain Normal Highschooler"
Misaka needs a threesome so she can effectively satisfy AAA (Touma)
from railgun
tfw stuck at 63% hell
“The One who Purifies God and Slays Demons... An excellent ‘true name.’”
knows his name
knows what characters it uses 
reading/watching To Aru anything
not loving science in any of its branches
literally rides him 
not loving index for its mythology and magic
implying pop sci is real science
not loving both
NT is almost over and people still divide the series between science and magic
63,8%
Saten
Brains
girl with brains
level 0
powerless level 0
normal high school boy
eats majins for breakfast
“…You tried to explain that right hand, Imagine Breaker…and even The One Who
How long are you going to delay the inevitable!? What happened to Imagine Breaker!? What happened to your right hand!? What happened to the One who Purifies Gods and Slays Demooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnsssssssssssssssssssssssssss!?”
“Just like with Imagine Breaker, he was probably simply chosen by the world’s lottery. But I don’t believe Imagine Breaker ended up in you by random chance. I still believe that the dreams of all magicians were drawn in by the shining soul of the person bearing the true name of the One who Purifies Gods and Slays Demons. …In that case, there must be something inside Kamisato Kakeru as well. Something unique that drew in World Rejecter.”
find threads that were up the day of
ctrl+f "mixtape"
????
profit
knight leader voiced by koyasu
Amayakuza
Some brief unspeakable pain in exchange of get rid of a disease 
fix my teeth in seconds instead of waiting for months for my dentist
tastes good
heals all [physical?] ailments
That pose
ROMA's bulge
Whore of Babylon
best girls
whore of babylon
Kicks your ass
t. newfag whose first exposure on Sawano was from Kabaneri.
Fuminofags
Nariyuki's denseness
Fumino
Tsuitsui
Editor
Swimming club
0 reaction to Fumino
Blushing furiously because of Uruka
Blushes to every girl who touches him
posting your samefag as an achievement 
Fuck

Because of you Uruka gets cucked again. And she was doing so well...
Guy asked girl if she like him
Girl denied it loud and clear
somehow random stranger on the internet blame it on the guy's denseness for not reconizing the girl's feeling
Fuminofags make useless and blatant bait threads 
asked to back up his claims
suddenly """fuminofags""" shitposting
Be nerdy moeman, Best friends with tomboy Uruka
suddenly think she's coming on to me
dokidoki
hear from her friends she's in love with you
dokidokidoki
man up and ask her straight out
get denied hard core. she even laughs at you for asking that.
go home and cry 
super awkward around her
she keeps coming on to you hard, while talking about another guy
starts abusing your friendship to playdate in prep for another man
suspect she's kissing you when you sleep
she keeps talking about another guy
bury your pain and decide to be a best friend for her through the end
then this bitch suddenly fakes drowning, you dive in and almost drown in turn, she "rescuses you from a disaster she causes KNOWING YOU DONT SWIM
kisses you, (sister kiss on the lips, closed mouth), then tells you flat out "by the way, there isn't a guy i like, there will never be a guy I like, and btw: I was totally trolling you just know cause I figure I should get my lips ready for some ausie chad. 
starts abusing your friendship to playdate in prep for another man
seething

b-but they ruin threads!
all Uruka chapters lately had been stole by either Fumino or Sensei.
fumino about to ntr herself
those fucking pentagons
the yuiga bowl is clearly for uruka or rizu
Just read 50 chapters
just one page of worth.
swimming is my lover
Bribed with lunch tickets
"Yeah, I sleep at Nariyuki's house for a while"
ywn take swimming as your lover, cucking athletes all over the world.
all this seething
tfw next chapter is Nariyuki and Fumino's love lessons
Rizu isn't even a love interest at this point
do you like me Uruka?
no
also It's literally practice for when I meet other people on Australia btw
"Okay Uruka, I'll ask this again, do you like me?"
"Of course not, the one who I like is 
Alone with Uruka
Thinks about Fumino
an uruka chapter
thinks about Fumino
Just like Nariyuki decided he wouldn't confess to Uruka so she could focus on swimming
Just like Nariyuki decided he wouldn't confess to Uruka
Camera zooms out
Sensei witnessed the kiss and gives them a lecture
glance
thinking /lit/ will win
hoping for a sensei win
uruka told nariyuki she has not friend aka so what fumino told him was pointless anyways
told him about australia
kiss
coward
Support character chapter
The different groups clash in the streets
Mizuki joins in
That one dude from the detective chapter shows up in the end with the damning picture
Oomori just sees that whole thing as a chance to get a gf so he just plays along with their bullshit.
she's a mascot
Age of "Unconventional Winners"
only 90 chapters in
end game phase
Rizu wins a game of snakes and ladders
implying Tsutsui won't drag it longer with post-graduation shenanigans
ehehe, did I manage to trick you? 
 sensei probably fucked her coach
no pubes
no bush
dangle some bait in front of your man
imply he has a limited time to get some of that sweet toned and tanned ass
you now see some actual progress while he rushes to parse his feels and get with you before you inevitably leave and that ass is lost forever
uruka chapter
dead thread
New best girl Uruka, plot driving chapter.
More Uruka next week.
(sister kiss on the lips, closed mouth)
Rizu 143
Nariyuki character arc
this is a japanese coward
a swimming athlete pretending to drown
steal a kiss and still not telling him the truth
status quo has been shaken
Christmas
Valentine's day
Final tests
Graduation
Sensei's past
Senpai's relationship with her father
Uruka leaving the series
Fumino's love story
Rizu's love story (and autism drama maybe)
Confession
she's not a coward
/sp/
do you like me 
n-no
o-oh okay
/lit/
fumino leans in
she must be sleeping
I'm not sleeping
this is awkward 
well deal with it
rape an innocent young man on the mouth
cuck out anyway
I'm emotionally unavailable because I need to focus on my career
I just practiced kissing with you to prep for those white bois in Australia
I'm leaving
/sci/ is too high
brazilians
literate
complete opposite
uruka goes for the killing but she's still fucked
And she was doing so well...
I'm so gonna be sucking so many dicks
The only proper reaction pics are crops from anime/manga
age of unconventional winners
Lucy is canonically 150cm/4'11.
Uruka: 182cm
Rizu is smaller than a prepubescent child.
a ROTMG meme anywhere
the same different companies
Not accompanying her on christmas night because he noticed she's lonely and knows Miharu won't be there
Not having him share his concerns about his future career and girl troubles
Not having her say to him that he can come to her anytime for help on those things
Not having her give him some bargain cakes next morning as thanks 
the yuiga bowl is clearly for uruka or rizu.
No Mafuyu cover
Sensei goes to a class reunion and defends her cake status by claiming to have a boyfriend only for Nariyuki to show up and raise suspicions about who she means
Miharu gets Sensei to come watch her competition and gives her two tickets which she naturally invites Nariyuki for since she has no one else and it ends on Nariyuki asking her if she could teach him to skate in the winter
Sensei gets caught watching a prepure movie by herself since the school festival got her curious enough to be hooked into becoming a fan only to find Nariyuki there with the twins and she has to pretend to be with them to protect her pride and has to go along with Hazuki insisting she's going to be her big sister someday
Sensei needs help with some late afterschool paperwork and Nariyuki happens to be passing by and they end up treating each other like they usually do at her home in public because they think no one's watching - except for Ikeda that is.
Sensei gets sick and Nariyuki goes to help her since he knows she can't take care of herself and she lets him spoil her more than usual and says she wouldn't mind getting to eat his porridge whenever he gets sick
Miharu gets Sensei to add more colorful choices to her wardrobe and Nariyuki happens to be there at the mall waiting for his siblings to finish watching a hero show and Miharu insists on him sharing his opinion. Nothing too dramatic in choices happens but she does end up wearing a low key pick he made for her in the future.
Sensei gets marriage interview candidates sent to her by her mom and Nariyuki gets a peek at the profiles making him worry about how none of them seem housework capable enough to handle her and have her admit she really should consider someone who can be there for her and make up for her shortcomings. Ends with her looking at him and saying she'll keep that in mind.
mfw Next Chapter: Uruka Defeated!!!
author unleashing the nanashi within
Spoiling the ending
forced first girl
nariyuki starts his career as a hentai NTR faceless mam
tries to NTR the shit out of a series
makes the MC fall in love with him
makes the heroine fall in love with him
ends up vanilla-ing the series and making the MC+heroine follow their dreams
Fumino is such a forced first girl wins scenario
rizu is actually first girl
fumino took 90 chapters to get screentime
fumino took 90 chapters to get screentime
is now winning
It's all 'insert x name' fault.
F O R C E D
forced first girl wins
Only 2/5 in the bowl
already shitflinging hard
not even in the endgame yet
Upcoming anime will bring in more shitposters.
bokuben threads are shitposting central when it's not a fumino or sensei chapter
toubun threads are peak autism
kaguya ones go to shit everytime Miko has screentime
age of unconventional winners
Already in December
STILL no PV
/sp/ loves moeyuki
can't even bring herself to confess
/lit/ doesn't even like him at this point and still manages to do a better job of confessing
store-exclusive covers
Best Girl among the support squad
Best Support Squad
Sawako
Ibara club
lemon
XD it was forced because she was one of the first girls
has the longest arc of all characters
has an actual friendship with naruyuki
is the only one he respects and asks for advise other than the second stringers (sensei and senpai) on occasion
forced
forced more than hampster
forced more than late entry uruka who took over the manga for a long period once she was introduced
not that we've had any
Fuminiggers can't stop seething
has absolutely no tits or ass
has absolutely no tits
absolutely no ass
big sis Nagisa is gonna show Ayanon proper racket handling
only doujin is a crappy futashit
probably capped off of a streaming site
mfw I took it while watching Ayaya Intensifies 10 HOURS!
for 10 hours!
Shit start, shit ending.
shit ending.
the only shounen series that didn't overstay its welcome
FMA 
bland 
worse than one joke man
pussy is too scared to say what he likes cause he knows he has bad taste
It's bland because it was written by a female
Because HxH is better?
thinks an unfinished novel is better than a finished manga
it's about as bland as you'd expect from a shonen with a female writer
it's about as bland as you'd expect from a shonen with a female writer.
HxH is better
All the fujos and whiteknights getting mad over this truthful comment
bland
generic
Incel buzzword 
comedic asides constantly ruining dramatic tension 
homunculi underdeveloped as characters
main villain is typical "i wanna be god" power hungry sociopath
some side characters completely dropped near the end and only referenced in the epilogue where happy endings are forced for every character
pointless inclusion of the caricature not-Chinese characters
Trisha, Nina, and Hughes hardly get any screentime compared to 2003 yet are all major motivational forces for the main characters
generic "defeat the big bad" ending, and defeats the big bag with power of friendship bullshit 
the relationship between Ed and Al feels cheaper and not properly developed
written by a woman
All right, I guess I must show you how I can nitpick at anything
Agatha Christie
JK Rowling
Randt
BnHAfag opinion
he's angry because no one whose opinion matters like HxH
Berserk
Elfen Lied
On the list at all
objectively
the #1 shitshow is great but the rest are garbage 
objectively brain dead spic can’t into English
spic
triggered enough to reply 
implying he isn’t bothered 
comedic asides constantly ruining dramatic tension 
homunculi underdeveloped as characters
main villain is typical "i wanna be god" power hungry sociopath
some side characters completely dropped near the end and only referenced in the epilogue where happy endings are forced for every character
pointless inclusion of the caricature not-Chinese characters
Trisha, Nina, and Hughes hardly get any screentime compared to 2003 yet are all major motivational forces for the main characters
generic "defeat the big bad" ending, and defeats the big bag with power of friendship bullshit 
the relationship between Ed and Al feels cheaper and not properly developed
written by a woman
no u!
mother, this guy is being rude to me, I think he's a mexican!
mother, do something with a bad mexican dude
Hero Aca: all might win and punch harder!
Hasn't read any women's work.
Still thinks their works are garbage with no significance.
we
and you can find them at your local WalMart near the dairy products.
implying anyone with a triple digit IQ would waste their time reading something written by a woman
in reality it works the complete oposite way 
Deku
HxH
posts a gay pedophile clown drawn by a guy who's married a female writer
And in the end he just gave up on the oh-so-called power of friendship.
???
shitting on shounentards is not welcome here
But it has no thread!
t. SJW
FMA has a good ending 
female authors
same ip
the Half-Death Scythe shit was beyond retarded
plus they just kinda dropped Crona
if I “pretend” to be a retard now they can’t make fun of me later!!
The manga ended with boobs
 worst shounen easily
dad spends years planning on how to nerf the shit out of Father
lol dude friendship ending
NGNL #12
still no season 2
friendship ending
Including Fairy Tail this high
Including Gurren Lagann below Fairy Tail
181489063
Shelley is a nobody
Only 10 episodes for 1st half
this series hasn't gained the same following as other works from Cool-kyou Shinsha
Bakugou ALWAYS wins no matter how much of a cunt he is
that body
her voice
her (faked) personality
another shit episode
losing to a minecraft character
another shit episode post
4 hour thread
18 hour thread
tfw to dumb to understand a children's show about giant monsters
mfw this is annoyingly getting close to inching out Beatless as AOTY
Akarin on the middle
NO Akane would never end up with him
Literally tells him her parents are not home
Akane chose Yuta to sit next to her at school.
Makes Yuta her bf
Offers Sho to go to her house while her parents are not home
mfw Akane is into NTR
Tonkawa's grave as a huge barrier between Akane and Yuta
tfw people who were built to love you won't even do it in their dreams
The kaijuu told Yuta that Akane created everyone. It's a pointless thing to tell them. I really don't get why you think they would end the episode with a big reveal about Rikka telling everyone something they already know.
Aoi Kajitsu starts playing
That Rack
VEG 10 BTFO
Sora Yori 12 BTFO
Yama no Susume 9 BTFO
Devilman Crybaby 9 BTFO
Hugtto Precure 16 BTFO
Tonkawa's grave as a huge barrier between Akane and Yuta
Top of the Twitter trending for 3 straight hours
tfw borr is taller than me
Borr and Rikka's mom bitching at each other in the new audio drama
Akane's ideal world has her dating Yuta
She wants to go to the beach with Rikka, the scene with Rikka running away from Akane on the bus happened in real life but with the roles reversed; Akane shut herself off from the world after Rikka started to become more loved than her
not liking bro-tier Utsumi
I'm picking up ntr fags
The "heroes" won't befriend a depressed girl that's begging to be accepted.
Utsumi literally cares about dick more than friends
Rikka and Akane are friends
Akane liked Yuta
But Yuta liked Rikka and confessed to her, and she may have accepted
Akane saw this as a twin betrayal and fell into despair
This is where Alexis found her and helped her create their paradise before the betrayal occured.
"Yuta, I think we should take our relationship to the next level and be official boyfriend and girlfriend"
Yuta immediately collapses, pretends to hit his head on the sidewalk, and claims to have no recollection of them ever being together
Plot finally goes somewhere in episodes 7 and 8
LOL let's have another useless episode dedicated to Akane being lonely because no one understood that already
The only romance is between Rikka and Yuta.
realizes too many good things are happening to him
he can’t possibly be this happy in real life
you will never have a big breasted cute girl that loves kaiju like you do
speedwatching
pathetic
LGBT and HIV ads before Rikka enters the room where Akane is.
not liking big robots punching big kaiju
She doesn't care about the Yuta from before he became Gridman.
Because they were made so they'd like me
This time it directly include Yuuta
Yuuta was confirmed real by Kaiju loli
4 hours now
literally telling Akane to wake the fuck up
 are these being posted somewhere else?
In the Akane-Yuta dream she's actually dating Yuta
In Utsumi-Akane she just striking up a friendship.
All images and resulting discussion should pertain to anime or manga.
The main trio aren't friends nor do they even talk with each other. 
Scene of Akane and Yuta about to hold hands
Akane: "This is how it should have been"
Gridman in his first appearance is blue
same as Gridman Sigma, from the short Trigger did
the one who fixes him is Calibur
Calibur has short black hair, the only main character who does
Calibur clearly knows more about what's going on than he lets on
Gives his age as 33 in the vocal drama, 15 in the series, 15 + (20)18 = 33
Both have trouble with their words at times
Calibur has the least money in the rafting episode because Takeshi always got swindled

everyone who's not delusional or more delusional than i am sucks
reposting a old pasta
Muh samefag boogeyman 
AOTY?
the anime restored my faith to trigger
Oh, now I get it, I was just having a sappy dream too.
want to fuck me in the ass?
fuck off bitch; I'm trying to fight kaiju
187 is less than 100
111 is less than 100
amoral psychopath
the plot thickens
and drama without degenerating into pretentious artsy stuff
Fuck this thread, I'm out.
...okay just one more response.
in real life they probably hated her
jezzus crist!! if you people ever stop fucking, clean your fucking room!
i have the strangest boner right now
Akane's dream is her running is opposite of everyone trying to escape
She is trying to live in the dream but Gridman blocks her
Her dream is reality because she is a real person
Akane's dick
Yuta, Rikka and Utsumi are all running from right to left
they wake up
Akane is running from left to right, but Gridman keeps blocking her
the background is real life
the Red Man says NOT SO FAST
Holy fuck if this show ends with a live action Gridman fight I will cream my pants.
Don't forget, you're here forever
The humans really ARE humans, not programs. Akane can mess with memories and dreams, but she can't straight up change people no matter how hard she tries.
Anti really is becoming a real being. It was kinda obvious when he fucking bled from Alexis' attack, but now they just went and said it. I wonder if that's just how all good Kaiju are (a la Anoshiras II and the SSSS) or if it's something unique to Anti as part of his whole "adaptation" power: gridman is part human so Anti ended up becoming human
Akane doesn't just warp places, she can fucking fall off a building and land perfectly fine. So she really wasn't in any danger in the forest before. Also, she's losing her fucking mind.
Alexis and Gridman go to "space"
break through the digital ceiling 
its the OG gridman set
show ends in a legit toku fight
the kanji on the grave perfectly block Yuta's eyes after he gets the accepter
the three shots of Yuta, Utsumi and Akane running
Yuta runs near the small fence that doesn't obscure his view
Utsumi runs near a bigger fence but it still doesn't obscure his view
Rikka runs near a stone wall
the boom barriers lift up once the Kaiju is defeated
and many more
there's still a gun under his bed
he still has the gun
Gridman is watching
this would make for a very odd last episode
this would explain a lot.
tissues next to the computer
3 crumpled tissues in the bin
hot girl
getting bullied
I bet even her tits are fake.
Maybe Akane isn't hot at all in the real world, I bet even her tits are fake
filthy americans who don't know what is that thing
its the OG gridman set
show ends in a legit toku fight
"Akane! Akane!"
"do you still love me?" 
"i wish..i wish i was more beautiful...for you...."
"i wish i had cute pink hair...."
"i wish i had a great body, i've always been jealous of.....breasts"
"Rikka?"
"why her? i don't like it when anyone calls me that! i've always hated that nickname."
"Akane..."
but all the person-on-person conversation we see those pairs having being inner dialogue can't happen.
paint roller
who wants people dead
 How to identify you're in a simulation
 1) A cute girl talks to you
 2) A cute girl shares your interests
 3) A cute girl invites you to her bedroom
it should have been VR prown instead
[HorribleSubs]SSSS.Gridman - 05 [480p].mkv
848x912
its meh tier at best
tippy hat
S3 can't come soon enough
There are people on this board that actually delude themselves into thinking little girls watch Gochiusa
bringing water soluble swimsuit into a pissing contest
Riping off a joke from Amagi Brilliant Park
rn
someone who says this thinks he has the right to judge the quality of anything on /a/
gochiusa jav
that tippy
PriPara and MyMelo merch too
uzbekistan meme
trust no one, not even yourself
many dangers
eating hoto bakery bread
leave the hat on for a few days
Rize got a lot of screen time in the movie.
Her and Chino where cute together.
someone people
page 1 and 3
 flattest
 shortest
 poorest
 flattest
 shortest
 poorest
Chono
I want to sink my hand into it as well.
Ellie says this to you
Sharo
thot
STAB u-turn hitting a dark type.webm
I thought I told you to get up you little shit
reaction is pretty contained
teleports behind you
KissxSis but with mother and daughter
sidetail
might have been
bocchi gets stuck with a degenerate ass studio animating her anime
Evangelion: 3.0+1.0
Japanese release date: 2020
this is the only thing I can do for you
just touch hand
shinji do what your heart tells you
...
shinji you fucking asshole i cant believe you actually did it
implying pedophilia isn't progressive
Rebuild shit
Kind of like saying 'walk me home gently'
saying 'walk me home gently'
like saying 'walk me home gently' and actually just walking home.
newfag
chair
It definitely helped him snap out of his depression for a moment and make at least one move forward
Him going up is still a step forward
Rebuild shit.
Not understanding that the Rebuilds are just a separate reality during the impact where Shinji is trying to rework the events.
not understanding the rebuilds are just Anno making neetbux
8 years
implying
Kaworu shows the correct manifestation of love
aqours
It's Mitsuha's birthday today
Q: Have you decided Mitsuha and Taki's birthdays? If you can also please tell me the birthdays of other characters.
A: I haven't really decided birthdays or blood types for characters. But for Taki and Mitsuha for some reason I think of them both being born on December 1st.
Mitsuha
spoiler
Sharing a birthday 
their bday gifts to each other are taking off work and spending the whole day banging
Oooooh, you mean THAT comet.
Nope, don't remember.
Mitsuha
become meguca
Whether or not he later revived with a Code or not, that's separate
HEAVEN OR HELL, LET'S ROCK!
ywn be a goblin taking Sword Maiden's purity
Toei
I'm not interested in ordinary humans
conan
My normal 50-years old mother watched Candy Candy and still remembers some of it
Ask any 30-40 years old adult about Dragon Ball Z and he will talk about it
What is Pocari Sweat? That's a terrible name for a drink.
now
that smile 
kill their industry
tfw CG can only be understood by the ultra intelligent
there are people that unironically thought this was cool
whole point of the match was to understand 0 a little more
he didn't give a shit what zero did
semi circles
muh action stills
Historia is in Paradise top-4
Floche made it to the main cast, on top of manlet at that
*kills your monkey*
slave to the eldian empire, her own race(undisclosed, most likely part black) and homeland(SNK murica) will be crushed in the rumbling
lanklet frame, no ass
dyke haircut, blonde with dark eyes the most disgusting soulless mongrel combination
I-I JUST WANTED TO BE NOTICED, a boring Mikasa clone
just a jobber to divert suspicions from Eren's true master plan
works together with the nations of the world and chadgath to achieve world peace and the end of titan bullshit
cute frame, literally perfect carrying size with the best butt in the series
messy black long black hair adds cute charm, actually an eldian goddess when she cleans up
carefree personality is actually a guise for her constant game of 12D chess
the thorn in the side of her enemies, and a constant force to be reckoned with
So if the leakers are gone
dirty
fuck his panzer
Bert in a wig
implying the high class warrior is dirtier than the smelly dyke soldier that associates with the society who doesn't bathe
implying transbiana hasn't had to "prove her loyalty" to olangobo's BBC while Pieck's panzer unit is surprised that she even gave them a hug(for tactical purposes only)
armong on stilts
A dude
chapter 112
we are in the forest
something approaches
is a titan
manlet: Matte...ano shingeki...m-masaka...!
small nose
EM becomes canon 
Eren and Mikasa blush together
Mikasa wakes up
my wife Annie is CUTE
FARMED
Assblasted
doujin for women
in a bed with Gabi
"she does kinda look like Ereh..."
and Armin
and molester-kun
and Jean
and Colt
and Sasha's corpse
and Nikolo (he still can't get over her)
and oni titan
and Farmer-kun
with a bottle of Sieg's Spicey Semen™
and Ve Tybur
And Isayama's dad
who commands Isayama to bring him the bed stretcher and more wine.

Learning more about Ymir Frtiz and titan battles
EMAH: 
ZYO: 
Warriors
FG
JCFLH
Eren: I can't believe I'm going to be the uncle of that horse-face's baby
haha Levi you silly! Again with your jokes?
The best endgame for Mikasa is staying a virgin, pure and cute.
who prince 
and gets to rule her nation
Horseface
Eren is shit but if he makes her happy i'll take it over that
Takes Eren's baby batter, you're a woman now
Momkasa
best ending
marrying a literal who with no character and that no one cares about
Everyone
Historia
These two look so much like siblings.
Cue Grisha giving lolikasa the incest pedostare
calling any character shit when you like Mikasa
the top right red circle is showing Eren punching Dina's hand and activating the coordinate
not a jeanfag
don't offend my jeanbo
I get it Levi! I'll wash my teeth
Is that map wrong?
cute
mikasafags
Cope with it retard
Farmer is the father = EM will happen
he's not a desperate virgin
He likes homo shit a lot
Historia is the best character for me
Reiner is objectively the best character
it's the ESL EHfag again
Ruskies are Gabofags, Hisufags and Reinerfags
Eren: Emancipates his people from the vile yoke of 
Armong: His bloated body washes up on a beach, his corpse is filled with filled condoms
Mikasa: Dies peacefully at the venerable age of 125 after a fulfilling life full of achievements, surrounded by friends, 
Jeanbo: Loses himself in the bottom of a bottle and dies at the age of 30 in a dark, cold alley.
Conny: Starts a mercenary band/paramilitary group/terrorist organization with the aim of creating a world where soldiers are needed and valued.
Hange: Is eaten by Fenrir during the rumbling.
Hisu: Becomes a famous MILF rural porn star
Floch: Becomes the founder the of National Socialist Eldian Worker's Party and eventually gains full control of the nation.
Levi: Retires in two years and uses his pension to open a tea shop
Reiner: His bloated body washes up on a beach with a huge shit-eating grin engraved on his face.
Annie: Spends her last days getting creampied in daddy's lap
Porco: Starts a successful brand of nutcrackers
Piku: Finally moves her lazy ass and writes a pikuspeak translation guide
Magath: Successfully avenges his husbando, Willy.
Falco and Gabi: Get married and they spend the next 50 years of their life in a very, very miserable manner. They should have known better
Zeke: Achieves his greatest desire 
John Boyega: Dies the moment he finishes the evil speech detailing his evil plan. His killer delivers an one liner that mocks his last words.
Yelena: Preserves. molests and marries Zeke's corpse.
unhealthy and uncute
projects his fantasy of a strong protective girlfriend onto the story.
Prove it
Levi: Retires in two years and uses his pension to open a tea shop
Isayama is here
Neither of them will
This Russian guy is also EHfag.
Directed by M. Night Shyamalan
gets out
kills Armin
maybe
gets out
dies
EHcucks are autistic squatting slavs
Jean/Historia
NO HANGE NOT THE STAIRS AGAIN
WHAT? I CAN'T SEE
The tattoo was an old thing
Zeke promised to come back for Annie to Bort and Reiner
got captured to get to her
has the ability to throw shit really hard
throws her out of the walls
Reiner is on his way to the island
I've noticed most Gabifags are also EHfags
"I've noticed most Gabifags here are also EHfags."
Annie's titan has no nipples
Frieda's titan has no nipples
Ymir Fritz's titan has nipples
cowardly crystal that gets cummed on by Armin
hasn’t been relevant in years
isn’t even cute
little bitch is better than a strong fighter tomboy
isn't even cute
Zeke had Annie when he was 9 years old
EAfat samefagging again
dumbstoria
Remembered Annie a second before she cleaved his titan's head in half
Annie was right infront of him in Stohess
Remembered Annie's tricks during his first fight with Reiner
Remembered that Annie was a bigger badass than Reiner in Shiganshina
Remembered Annie after he tried to bite Ms. Tyber.
Was constantly remembering Annie while fighting his inner demons when he tried no-nut november 
He thought of Annie and got hard
Most part of the time they identify him correctly although.
Nipples
No nipples
Presumably nipples
Here's the definitely nipple list.
He doesn't know
definitely nipple list
definitely
December 1st
no sign of leaks
is hot
historia's nipples
Jean
Connie
Floch
Manlet
Hanji
Eren
Mikasa
Armin
Historia
Reiner + manlet + Zeke x Mikasa
Zeke
Yelena
Boyegapon
has an excellent observing eye
Armong
He helps out his comrades with his prominent intelligence and courage
He helps out his comrades with his prominent intelligence and courage (nice wank).
Armin
courage
Lost Girls
bort takes over armongs head
gets with Annie
IMAGINE THE SOUND YOU'RE GOING TO HEAR WHEN SHE PEELS HERSELF OF THAT SEAT.
fist
lovingly
285x177
Mikasa has sex with Eren 
has cum 37 times a second after her hymen is broken
t.gab
Reiner
Annie
Pieck
Porco
Gabi
Falco
Colt
Magath
Mankasa
hymen
Mikasa could protect him from a lot of dangers in this world
gay incest
cucked by Annie
cucked by Armong
cucked by Reiner
cucked by Hisu
best
Blond genocide
Displays an even more overwhelming fighting strength than during her trainee days.
calling the police
Hisu joins Armin(best friend) and Mikasa(sister) in the list of people closest to Eren
Mikasa(sister)
*is the father of Mikasa from the future* 
Mikasa pretending to not like it and that she can't break free from the ropes with her hulk strength
ragnaroksoon
Armong became likable as soon as he betrayed Eren
His name is Jake Ackerman
AHHH EREN STOP I'M SO FRAGILE NO DON'T TOUCH ME THERE
Yelena is not Eren's daughter from the future. Prove me wrong.
chips your potato
Did Eren blush for Mikasa or Historia in 108?
Prove me wrong.
The chances of Eren being Yelena's father cannot be 0
Prove me
Are you the person that wanted the screenshot?
Dat fuckin ass
baby is going to be born soon. Eren blushed because of MAJCS.
tfw its the farmers
he skipped chapter 108
nor am I related to her
he doesnt sleep naked
it's a 
The islanders are trapped with a Braun on a tiny island
a second Braun is on his way over 
a second Braun is on his way
MY CHILDREN LET ME SEE MY CHILDREN
Can someone explain me if Eren is asexual or romantically loves Historia?
And does Historia love him in return or not?
Also what is this blush drama that was discussed? Did Eren blush for Mikasa or Historia in 108?
shizuka will never be my gf
6-inch e-ink
What should i read?
what have i done to my fucking money holy fucking shit
reading manga on a wide screen or 16:9 aspect ratio
6 Inch ebooks are extremely cheap
but once you go beyond 6 inches prices suddenly skyrocket and you can buy an android tablet for less money
Manga is kinda outta the question, the screen is just too small
buying a tablet to read porn
Will i regret buying this?
What should i read?
Is it wise to jailbreak it for a waifu themed experience?
but I couldn't find a way to get scanned LNs legibly on there
xbox huge
limited format support
fuckspensive
no physical page turn controls
that cup
Ipad eye rape
Tachiyomi
be me
be in high school
poorfag
gather up enough money for the oldest/cheapest kindle available
spent all of my free time in high school reading translated light novels somewhere away from everyone else
mfw somewhere along the way I lost it
I'll never finish kara no kyoukai because I can't remember where I left off
to read manga/novels on it. 
Will i regret buying this?
Getting a kindle to read manga
slightly smaller
holding something while you read
holding something while you read
can't handle seeing them in grayscale
Why would you compromise your reading experience?
Why would you compromise your reading experience?
ruining your ability to ever try western or euro comics.
bring a few hundred volumes of manga around with multi week battery life
less eye strain
nothing of value was lost.
these two are friends?
Nakaba
actual good
tfw no nozomi gf
boring
muh filters
nothing happens
snoozefest
December 05, 2018 
still nothing about his past, how and why did they marry
that hit
Hitting your husband because he publically proclaims his love for you
for the story
That fucking technique
Emotionless eyes
Taking out THE Immortal Tatsu of all people
conclude every arc in a way you know is dissatisfying just so that you can disappoint your fans
do this every time so that it becomes repetitive and predictable without fault 
laugh in your bed while watching speed runs of Dragon Quest as you still have enough brainwashed drones that think you are “subverting climaxes” instead of just being afraid to write an actual pay off to conclude an arc
a sasuke clone
sasuke clone
get fucked by your own retarted logic 
hahahahah b-bait!!
retarted
Kurapika put his friends above the revenge despite that he could kill chrollo right there
Is babbysitting in the current arc
Sasuke left his friends for muh revenge
Tried to kill them
Went full edge and wanted to destroy the village
THEY ARE THE SAME CHARACTER!!!!
tried to kill them 
his people were hunted down and wiped out
lives for vengeance, but does want something more that that deep down (and is on the path of actually doing that in the current arc, like what happened to Hiei in the Three Kings Arc)
only person who understands him is a horribly disfigured chick
inb4 he wuz b-buzy!!!
So Sasuke did not kill itachi
he tried to kill them 
he j-j-just didn’t succeed
muh dramatic choke out which literally could have simply been a chidori through the neck 
all this in self-defense 
t. retard who never made it through school 
Plagiarism is plagiarism you dumb fuck
seething cum slurper livid because asspullxasspull will never have the critical success of Naruto and will never even finish
backpedalling over misunderstanding someone's post due to being in such an asshurt rage
no argument 
electricity wielding Gary Stu 
it's breaking the rules to post a manga on the Anime and Manga board
People spend their free time doing this
waaah my secret pedo club got busted
All I know is /pol/tards are the only ones who always try to police """pedo""" stuff on 4chan
MiA thread
almost all the posts are meta posts
Iruyuumi and possibly Faputa
The tip hurts when touched.
Fuck the Ganja squad
everyone is either a short ass or a giant with the exception of Jirou
All this talk about eggs and diarrhea
oh man this Majikajya fellow is kinda shady he's probably an antagonist of this arc
oh no he's a goofy dude who just happens to also be a jew
This Veko person is suspicious, I mean they even locked her up
Oh no she's actually a good person who's had a hard life
Well this Belafu MUST be the villain
oh no he's just a little wonky in the head but he's not a bad guy
Wazukyan is a patrician who understands the value of cute things
Bro Sage being the Antagonist
Also I think veko is in her late teens or older
description of smell this detailed
her "parent"
that image
a white whistle's personal relics are kept secret until their whistle returns to the surface
the only ones that knows Riko is a White Whistle are her travelling companions, the village of Iruburu (though they don't get the jargon of what a White Whistle even is because they're so damn old), and Bondrewd
got a panel to prove that?
implying she didn't need to equip herself with more than that in the 6th and 7th layers
implying she won't be a Gwyn-style final boss at the lowest depths
"So, Irumyuui..."
"I wonder what happened to the residents of this place..."
"I don't know"
"But they are not here"
"The ones shaped like people, with symbols on their bodies"
"It's what we say in the village."
"At the village, when you become an adult, you get marked with the ink"
"It represents the marks the residents have"
It’s a shame Reg will never meet these guys
Big Daddy was once ˢᵐᵒˡ ᵇᵒʸ
after that Veko had yuri sex with her girlfriend
while Belafu watched
i know what anonymous posters do in real life 
goes in a Made in Abyss thread
doesn't read the manga
That's the power of Lyzol, baby!
Torka- manlet
Kiyui- 'pretty' boy
Nat- 'sad smelling' boy
Reg- mention of belly
Maruruk- smell to find his secret
Nanachi- more smells.
not eating shit on Friday
HABLOG over 2 meters tall
we analyzed the water and found it contained microscopic organisms
Mom hugs you
ctrl+f "breed"
no matches found
everyone I don't like is /pol/
my friends think I suck
these outsiders think I suck
jirou
puts on airs, but used to be cute as a boy

Reggu, leggo my eggo
moth is always trying to fuck reg because of veko and her mom
I mean look at Big Daddy, strong, capable, and understands what he can and cannot do and acts accordingly.
These guys probably went down further.
implying I wasn't one of the first people to post in the raw dump thread it was pretty dead
get to the part where they get sick and shit themselves
diarrhea smell stuck in my nose until I finish reading
Jiruo would go to Bondrewd

shit
racist
His tummy is quite sensitive, even though it's exposed
people with a good sense of smell can tell Maruruk's gender by the pheromones
Reg could tell he is a boy
but no such reaction for Nanachi
people were actually saying MiA had gone to shit
Belafu has a borderline autistic desire to make progress
Is put into an environment where progress is impossible
Picks up being a cannibal and asking children for their intestines as hobbies
just for the paneling
professional
autist that eats bugs
Belafu was originally a giant centipede
we all thought that left scene was childbirth
it's really just ooga loli having diarrhea in her blanket
wait 2 months for a new chapter
it's another nothing happens chapter
nothing happened
nothing happens
We don't really need several chapters of high-detail backstory for fucking ganja squad.
characters we are interested in
An extensive flashback after a big shocking announcement/event and right before a grandiose resolution of an arc
the much larger animeonly audience is only drawing characters that have been in the anime so far
animeonly
japs
here is the backstory and reason to lead into Faputa wanting to kill everyone
giant spaz: IT'S NOT NECESSARY FOR THE PRESENT TIME
I found this [egg of ill omen] in his shoe.
why isn’t everybody effected
Why does 干渉 mean "interference" (as in "interference unit") when the characters literally mean "dry river crossing"?
- Why does 干渉 mean "interference" (as in "interference unit") when the characters literally mean "dry river crossing"?
All straight men were fucked as children.
The Abyss is just a failed project by an ancient civilization in trying to attain immortality 
armchair psychology
 Not breaking his arm over the chair.
How well is the manga selling?
When are we getting season 2?
MiA should have been dedicated to building a universe with each volume being a self contained short story.
Reminder that no one in this entire manga has straight-up lied to the main characters yet.
belafu likes Veko
veko likes belafu
both too autistic to tell each other
veko continues to be suicide corps' town bicycle
belafu secretly watches
Veko is immune to contaminated water/food
Netflix adaptation
Riko's renamed as Ricky, a transgender male kid who hasn't transitioned due to Orth's incapability to perform breast/penis surgery, and played by an actual trans male kid for The Transgender Representation(tm). He wants to escape from Orth because people wouldn't respect his pronouns and hear that it's safer for his dysphoria to live in the abyss where creatures don't speak with pronouns
Reg is played by a middle eastern refugee kid, and is referred to as a "Refugee from the Abyss" by the people in Orth. Decides to join Ricky because the Orth people were being xenophobic and racist.
Habo is a gay bear 
Ozen is a tall, gaunt, transgender female character whose first motivation to move deeper into the abyss is to escape from Orth's transphobia and to help Lyza, who she had a crush on
Marulk is renamed as Mark, a boy who likes wearing girls' clothes
Nanachi is renamed as Nana, a non-binary furry. 
Mitty is renamed as Mithi, a queer Indian girl
Bonedad is a cis white straight male
best character is a cis white male
Didn't they specifically mention boiling the water so it would be safe?
actually terrifying. trapped in abyss, can't change altitude without getting turned into a rug, only sources of "water" available to you are contaminated, only possible potable water guarded by eldritchian horrors that will kill you upon approach. Every member of your party slowly being poisoned to death or succumbing to illness. Random deaths from infiltration of monsters into your camp. Half the party are women and children. Numbers slowly dwindling, no reinforcements will ever come to your rescue, no supply drops, cannot return to surface. This was a 10/10 chapter.
Bondrewd lied
tells the girls that Mitty is fine and not canned at all, just resting
tells Mitty that they'll go on a nice walk after her checkup
tells the gang they can spend the night and be just fine before kidnapping Reg to rape
inb4 Prushka is just sleeping, I intend to let her go
Lets her go with Riko
Mitty WAS fine, until she wasn't
He took Mitty for a nice walk down to the 6th layer village
They did spend the night, and Reg is just fine without his fapping hand.
I think Tsukushi was molested or raped as child
irrelevant
info-dump
volume 1 - 1234 copies
volume 2 - 944 copies
volume 3 - 2,6k sales first week
volume 4 - 4k sales first week
volume 5 - 12k
yet it was still water
I'd be pretty wary of killing off the character that makes me the most money and kept my manga afloat, too
nanacchi
her smell
Nanachi
not really lewd
12k after 1-3k 
detected Maruruk's secret purely by smell
hasn't mentioned anything to Nanachi other than he likes the smell
Bun is all but confirmed a girl
cute feminine penis.
digits say 1488
thread starts with discussion of pressure-to-temperature ratios and the biology/eco-system of the abyss
ends in Bon shitposters
we'll never have Anon's dancebun gif/webm
Remember to do your duty in banishing the filth and restoring functionality to the premises. Do not falter in your vigilance, and exercise your powers as you see fit!
other Narehate forcibly grab Riko
gets Balanced
Kajya forcibly grabs Riko
doesn't get Balanced
Thinks the issue is "context" and digs himself even deeper by not understanding why Maaa actually got balanced
forgot to take my fake name off when i made the second post
Oh so you are one of those up tight ones, gotcha.
You've finished all of your gifts already, right?
toes
look up my old emails for 2011 /ss/
I put 'surprise me'
I didn't send my present until the 29th
like 80% sure I gifted underbudget
only 1/4 cards started
Too lazy to go get the tracking numbers from the car.
bought white card
bought coloured paper
glue coloured paper to card
realise I could have bought coloured card
gift I ordered over 2 weeks ago still hasn't arrived
Paid for Express Shipping
3 to 5 day
Been 2 and a half week
No idea were my gifts are
gifts likely stuck in customs hell
only half a pound
rice krispies on top
both santas said they were nearly done with gift
two weeks without a word now
some guy died
search my initials in the archive
nothing
search Scotland instead of UK
1 match early November
first time in two years one of my cards gets posted
tfw canadacucked
from Canada
Your package is estimated to arrive between Nov.20 - Nov.24
Your package is estimated to arrive between Nov.30 - Dec. 7
Your package is estimated to arrive between Dec10 - Dec20. 
Anon put 'eva' on his list
see this in craft store
smaller part of gift isn't coming until Tuesday
/cgl/ has one I think. 
item cost less than £10 but the store only did EMS shipping
"Oh Anon the insurance service of the postage is also taxable please pay the Parcel Force £13.50 handling fee."
"No we don't know why it took an extra week to tell you this while your SAL mail somehow arrived faster."
procrastinated on my cards
can't draw for shit
tried cutting out paper shapes like in that guide but kept fucking it up
all these amazing cards
i can't even draw decent enough to look amusing
will probably just end up photoshoping santa hats on cute pics and printing them out for my cards

chocolate calendar
being happy to get sickle cells from China
not being happy after getting a cute card
first homocard of the year
it's cute too
 My post's website have templates only in French 
if you need help with the french you can ask me
was planning on spending the day with wrapping gifts, making card and maybe even drop the gift itself to post office
friend decides to come visit, and probably stays until the evening
24/5 day for the rest of the month
developement
i can't even draw decent enough to look amusing
 no initials
went with the 10-25 dollar tier
being extra nice to 3 people and maxed the limit with $25 of value
a total of $75 plus $25 shipment to my house
packed it with something extra and everything
payed an extra $35 to send it to my assignments
a total of $135 spent
 Printed a picture on canvas
 Now need to have documentatal confirmation that is not cultural legacy and can be sent abroad
 Expertise is two week long
 Now need to have documentatal confirmation that is not cultural legacy and can be sent abroad
he doesn't know what cultural legacy means
ywn be able to sent your anon pieces that could be considered as art
tfw they don't even look through the stuff you try to send here
pulled an all nighter finishing up my last 1 1/2 cards
go to printing shop in the afternoon
of all the fucking days they chose to take a break today
 stopped by every police officer I met 
 what's in your suspicious big box, boyo?
 let's view it with x-rays and check what's inside
2 initials
anon asks for no lewd
give lewd
obligated to show what are you sending
just found out that porn is illegal here
buy loli doujins from comiket on the reg, but live in Scotland so figure I'm safe because wiki says it's fine here
a few months back wiki article updates to correct that it is illegal here
stuff finally arrives
somehow cannot find the email with the info about my anon
not having an email only for /ss/
no initials
track gift
site says it was delivered the 30th
its the santa thinks Im a redditor and grinches me
$100+ for all my cards
Dear Customer,
Thank you for shopping at our store.
We are contacting you to inform you that a recently shipped order from your account has been returned to our warehouse, due to an error in the weight calculation for the package. We are really sorry for the delay with the shipment of your order, your order will be re-shipped as soon as possible, and you will receive a new shipping notification after your order has been shipped.
due to an error in the weight calculation for the package
I remember thinking that I didn’t want to become a murder victim the first secret santa on /a/.
cards should have arrived with my anons by now
none posted yet
the only gift i found for my giftee is a second hand manga
If your parents get nosy, just say I'm a friend from a club or a grad student or something.
tfw planning to wrap gifts
already bit drunk, and I still have some vodka and sake left
trace anime girl
it actually looks decent
start coloring 
it turns to shit
mfw all this wholesome Christmas goodness
initials posted
the gift I ordered over two weeks ago hasn't arrived
something I bought for myself arrived in just two days from the other side of the country
cutting out all these stickers
c4 padded envelopes 
dissapointedface.jpg
four different kinds of wrapping paper and can't decide which to use
C4 isn't an explosive
If you're a homo, I think I can guess which part of my list you chose to draw.
streaming events, contests, storyline sharing
1000 cards sent
4 posted so far
first time doing /ss/
want to start off gentle since it's my first time
pick 1 gift
pick 4 cards, since it was the default number in the spreadsheet
realise most anons did less than 4 cards
/ss/ tricked me into having to work hard
sweden
600$
those Architects making a heart with the candy canes
initials
finally my initials
card grinch last year
think about sending a card this year
cant do it
Sakura is older than Ai
But Ai is Sakura's senpai
The girls mimicking how they died during one of the early episodes
Lily's face when she learned that they are going to the hot spring and the other girls might find out that she have a girly penis 
Ai not raising her finger the highest, in fear of lighting 


sample
High IQ
maybe go to a graveyard and dig up some girls grave and swap their vaginas
shortstack
would they assume she's mentally challenged
/u/ and /ss/ both confirmed
#1 and #2, friendship in leadership
#3 and #4, the clashing opinion of showa and heisei idols
#5 and #6, the youngest and the eldest (heh) are like real sisters?
shortstack
stack
yuri
confirmed
ever
cant read
confirmed
it's just a collection of things we've already seen
makeup
nothing for Tae
Saki are flattis
Me x Tae
master_1200
master_1200
500x500
Best chest
Best ass
Best personality
personality
No, we won't play into your nonsense this time
It's time for this shit AGAIN
53KB
blue
tae will never eat you like this
producer walks in
"ALRIGHT BITCHES, I KNOW FOR A FACT THAT NONE OF YOU HAVE BEEN FLOSSING! NONE OF YOU!"
"i-is our breath that bad?"
"NO, BAKA ZOMBIE, I'm not talking about that kind of flossing. I'm talking about the dance move. The young folks are crazy about it, and if we want to revitalize Saga, we need to capture the hearts of the youth!"
*dabs*
Why do yurifags try with nonyuri anime?
big nigga posts in these threads
Please don't post lewd pictures of my son on the internet.
I'm going to revitalise Saga in FIVE MINUTES
misa looks older than Maria
ib4 Necroducer resurrects Hitler and Stalin just to form a legendary comedy duo
Hitler slaps Stalin to the chest while yelling NANDEYANE in thick Kansai ben
her
Said the idol who is a literal zombie that got knocked the fuck out by a love tap
lolis
I SENT SAMPLES OF JUNKO'S POOP TO HER FAN LOTTERY WINNERS
B-but I don't poop
BUT THEY DON'T KNOW THAT!
didn't free transform to angle the image
Implying I even bothered to use real editing tools
idols
pure
Junkos singing voice
They all have dicks.
At least I never saw zombies shitting in a movie
Saki aside, which delinquent mode zomb is your favorite?
Shrimpy remove her disgusting stars and her ponytail makes her looks surprisingly handsome.
/ss/
regular folk
There is a reason why /ss/ is called "super shit"
yurifags and regular folk
yurifag friendly episode
brainwashed by his father who forced him to wear girl's clothes
I want Saki to murder me
her
One of the girls just has a massive stiffy at all times
It's Junko
Junko literally means pure
純子 is her name.
saki holding a pen
Board clearly drawn with some kind of spraypaint
perfect
died
boy
ovulating
grows more flowers in her hair when flustered
maebari
The Drive-In Tori CM was changed to feature Lily instead of Tae at the end of the previous episode
reminder
the OP shows Sakura being chased by a horde of zombies, taken over, and then turned into a zombie herself
/v/ermin redditchannelers keep giving (you)s to the same old tired baits for the gorillionth time instead of reporting
s-sorry
Tae just wants to be Saki
implying that she would have a room all to herself
implying that she even has any personal belongings other than clothing and her ear studs at this point
at this point
Saki died before I was born
Franchouchou t-shirt
bancho
In the bed with the same clothes shes uses outside
janny comes to delete shit except this
Franchouchou t-shirt
Think again.
people born after 9/11 will be old enough to legally post in 9 months
Sukeban
Franchouchou existed in the 90's
Franchouchou existed in the 90's
drama
I wasn't even baiting
posts screencap of literally who article about tranny shit
/v/ermin doesn't understand that this is not /v/ and you are not supposed to post that garbage here
n-word
indirectly replying to bait
Saki wasn't supposed to be the best girl!
It's the voice
Whats the next step of her master plan?
But despite the reputation for crime, sukeban culture was centred in a belief system that above all else brought girls to the front. The long skirts can be seen as a reaction against the sexual revolution of the 60s, a means of protection by which girls could show that their existence wasn’t defined by the desires of male onlookers. Fast forward to the 90s, and this trend had completely reversed itself: by then, the “bad girl” was the one wearing gallons of make-up who had rolled up her skirt’s waistband to turn it into a ultra-short mini skirt.
is that snaggletooth natural?
shoplifting, smoking, drinking, fucking chad delinquents
kids born after 9/11 are already having sex before you
Just imagine if she was born in America.
god she's perfect
he doesnt find snaggletoothed Japanese girls cute
Snaggleteeth are fucking ugly though
In their culture the reason they consider it "cute" is because it makes them look more childish.
Did she paid that?
cute = pedo
is suppposed to be anti-war
spends so much time glorifying it with awesome looking mechas and space battles
posting on this board
not a manchild
anti-war
animation is for children lol
Punished Leaky Eye Luca 
Truck driver
Pistol no 
The Fly
The gangster from Giorno's backstory
That one guy Abbacchio/Mista/Narancia beat up for no reason
Koichi
The female prison guard

Solido Naso
Reincarnated Janitor Mario
punished Polnareff
There was a part that i had to delete completely. It was an episode that i couldn’t write.
The plot was that among Mista, Narancia, Fugo and Abbacchio there was a spy that was going to betray Giorno and Buccellati. At the beginning i planned out that the traitor would have been Fugo, but in the end i couldn’t do it. The grim mood that was with me while i was working on VA made me write stories that were getting little by little even more sinister, and i was getting annoyed at myself because of that. Besides, thinking about Buccellati’s feelings my heart was starting to ache. The betrayal of a dear friend isn’t something i can deal with and the only thought of it was making me sick. I was ready to accept any critic about me not having enough courage to write something like that, but i swear to God i didn’t want anyway to write something like that. Also, i can’t ignore the fact that Giorno was probably the one who should have killed Fugo and i was sure that something like that might have disappointed my young readers.
This is why the goodbye scene at the quay of San Giorgio Maggiore on the Canal Grande in Venice happened, when Fugo leaves the scene (after that, thank to the release of the novel about Vento Aureo, and with the help of the author of it, i was able to explain how Fugo, even after he left, was still able to help the organization and his friends.).
is about saving the world
Muh jealous brotha
tfw no conspiracy theorist gf
Pop Christmas music
expecting one piece of shit to have good anything
no nude version
reverse rape
non h
soft seinen
his boner makes him stronger
beard-man thrashes his opponent, again.
HOWEVER
tfw you're dying but you gotta go fast
He's dehydrated to the point of generating static electricity caused by the friction any body hair has with air while he moves
eyes are a crutch
his sleeve disintegrated from the force
she has a virgina 
Fang
Wakatsuki
Ohma
Chidori needs Sharingan to be effective due to tunnel vision caused by immense speed
Rei moves so fast that that the best counter him is to prepare a counter in the line of attack
Fang
Wakatsuki 
Ohma
Ends up just beating Rei by putting en elbow in his path
He who can only strike what he sees is a second rate martial artist
Height 155 cm
Weight 38 kg
calling everyone in the audience second rate
Lightning god
"ultimate male"
Rihito, I'm not your Master or anything, tell me how much you learned from watching my last fight.
Rihito, I'm not your Master or anything, but watch your stance, it's Catfoot not Flatfoot.
Rihito, I'm not your Master or anything, but take care with these opponents, they are armed and outnumbering us, pay attention to how I keep my guard and you do the same.
Rihito, I'm not your Master or anything, but this time keep a close eye on my opponent, watch what he does and reflect upon that.
Rihito, I'm not your Master or anything, but here is what I think you need to do to progress as a studen- uh, Freelance Martial artist.
Rihito, I'm not your Master or anything, but now that you have grown a manly beard, you have passed the final test. You are ready.
Rihito, I'm not your Master or anything, but I'm proud for you to inherit the Kaiwan style through methods unrelated to me. Now that you are ready, I will be not teaching you the hidden kata-technique of the Kaiwan Grandmasters, but I will be performing it over there and you are free to watch.
Rei is a top fighter, but he's on the bottom of top dogs powerchart
the virgin god
the CHAD lance
Rei

Wakatsuki
and so i put the mayonnaise into the egg
mayonegg
calling the most veteran fighter stupid
Setsuna
Sen
what are you Rei?
I am an idiot sandwich
I don't like him because he has the hair from a stupid character from a kid's show
Gaolang is a glass cannon
Gensai
Daughter
The flaw of Rei is that his confidence leads to arrogance and self interest meaning he belittles those around him including his opponents
Where are you getting this?
dismisses Mockey and walks off "power of love" 
Puts more emphasis on himself over Saw in the conclusion of his fight with him. It's all about his style not being adequate and needing fine tuning
Can only use this once
so skilled he locked down a top 3 (skillwise) fighter into just boxing 
not top 5
speedreading
Saw Pang complimenting him during their fight
"WOW YOURE FREAKING AMAZING!"
Rei affirms how much of an ass he is
"heh, nothing personnel, kid, I know I'm amazing."
Doyle
Erioh married a normie
this is the power of lo-
KNOW YOUR PLACE BOY
and Toriko.
Rino: I'm pregnant
Rei performs the Hatsumi-style secret technique
that feet
Reread chapter 155.
stump attacks
Stump
Implying i'd need orders to bang that big titty mommy
sadist
local uchiha not so tough after getting LANCED
He thinks the anime will reach the tournament.
hurr i stand still real hard and occasionally move my fingers
10/10 best character ever - /a/
he twists the sword
I fight like an actual martial artist and do not rely on crutches like super speed or other dumb shit
in comparison to masters
If you allow me a bit of autism:
Rihito chose
181476329

but there's still the issue of "show don't tell"
HOWEVER
Veins go UNDER the adipose layer.
you will never be a strong fighter/prime gene material in kenganverse to be raped by wild Kure succubi
55 DEX
C Tier: Sekibayashi / Bando / Akoya / Saw Paing / Nikaido Ren / Cosmo (start of the tournament) / Marvelous Seki
sister and cousin
why ain't they plowin' that field, Huckleberry Kure?
Gao beating Kiryu
Kono Haruo "The Destroyer" (young)
Not one Kure milf trying to take a chance to acquire those muscles from Wakatsuki
Myostatin-related muscle hypertrophy has a pattern of inheritance known as incomplete autosomal dominance. People with a mutation in both copies of the MSTN gene in each cell (homozygotes) have significantly increased muscle mass and strength. People with a mutation in one copy of the MSTN gene in each cell (heterozygotes) also have increased muscle bulk, but to a lesser degree.
Slytherian wins. HOWEVER, thanks to the efforts of Mr. Potter Gryffindor wins lol xDD!
brown cheeks
muscle hypertrophy, which is definitely heritable
Kure husband seeking
Implying
Implying
Broken fingers may as well spell defeat.
while someone else picks teal.
run really fast
hits a wall
"it's the wall's fault I got rekt!"
She sees him as Kenshiro
having plenty of babymaking sex with hot, eager women throwing themselves at you
having sweaty wrestling fights with a cute boi, with lots of leglocking and pelvis rubbing
Assasins and Mercenarys secret club #1 reunion
Muteba, Inaba and Rei and Julius all acting like friends
Raian shiting on them, but activitly participate in the conversation
Setsuna acting like a normal human being
Meguro is just staring at Bando
friendly Ren in weird clothes like allways
Hanafusa is there too
Bando is acwardly starin back at meguro because he doenst know what to do
gensai is sitting alone in a corner acting like he doesnt care about the club, but came to the anyway
Rihito is looking from a window because he is not allowed there.
An empty space between shoes where Julius' would put his if he would wear any
Saw Paing being one leg outside
sorry I brought work to our meeting, guys.
Julius: Sorry guys, I forgot he's dead when I was bringing him here. We kind-of worked together for a moment.
you know he actually smells better now
Damnit, Muteba. That was cold.
One is for friendship & the other one is for bullying.
cute girl
or strongest force of the universe
meek and weak person with an impossible ordeal
aims to be stronger so she can face her fears
gets put down lots of times, but will stand up no matter how many times it takes for the sake of her goal with the power of friendship
TFW following every single one
Marry Anjou
 not marrying the pure hearted delinquent who will always care for you and love you
One is for reddit & the other one is for the patricians on /a/
If Bocchi really was a bad girl
If
unironically loving the manga adaptation
unironically loving the manga adaptation
It has been better written so far
and less boring thats for sure
From 1 to 10 how retarded is OP?
light novel adaptation
light novels are bad meme
chitose spin-off got cancelled
Konosuba and Oreimo are incredible
Konosuba and Oreimo are incredible, and Overlord season 1 was also very good
implying Kino, Monogatari, Toradora and S&W are bad
Light novel gets 13 episode anime adaptation
People start showing interest in the light novel enough for people to start translating it
Anime adaptation is popular, gets another 13 episodes
Second season ends at the beginning of the third act.
Second season isn't as well received and does not pull in as much money
"Read the light novel if you want to see the ending"
One and or two tings happen. Either the translators have lost interest or moved on to a new and more hip light novel series or the light novel ends up in a hiatus because the author has writer's block or gets other writing offers.
If you are lucky, the author eventually comes back and writes a disappointing ending, but no one cares anymore except for the jaded die hard fans who also eventually get disappointed.
Konosuba and Oreimo are incredible
xD
underage contrarians and other cancer hates Konosuba and Ovrerlrod
Being secondary
Light Novel adaptation
"Light" novels
S&W garbage
oreimo is incredible
Konosuba and Oreimo are incredible, and Overlord season 1 was also very good. Highschool DxD is also pretty decent
author think about making some "bad" move
people start whining about it
story immediately turn 90-180 degree
Toradora
Legend of the Galactic Heroes
Welcome to the NHK, Legend of the Galactic Heroes
light novel
Light Novels used to be a good sign
Visual novel adaptation
RPG Maker game adaptation
b-b-b-but the source material is good!
Konosuba are incredible
Source: Music
People start showing interest in the light novel enough for people to start translating it.
"Read the light novel if you want to see the ending"
The translators have lost interest or moved on to a new and more hip light novel series.
reading anime 
watching anime
watching tv
S2 never
Would cover the best parts
light novel isn't translated
light novel is translated by a guy who can't speak English or Japanese and is doing it "for practice"
light novel was being translated, but stopped due to being licensed
offical translation is slow as shit and takes years to catch up to the fantranslation
can't find the Japanese text online
can only find the Chinese version released in Taiwan
using Google Translate on a translation
implying Durarara and Is this a zombie? are bad
It's a TRIGGER adaptation
it's an adaptation
anime or manga is a masterpiece
no one tries to successfully replicate it
Is your order a robot?
Gainax changing its name to Gaina
the original name they had come up with, but tacked on the X to make it sound cooler
now officially a shadow of its former self
MAL
25 years
Claudia & Cattleya:"wow Violet you look so nice in your big girl clothes"
handless
poorfag
Christmas wholesome Violetto
Violet B-day
20
with this much baby fat on her cheeks
Cattleya bathing with Violet since she cant get the prognostics soaking
leonposters
Chooses the right girl for once
Doesn't smash her, breaks up with her for MUH FRIENDSHIP instead.
janitorial job
brainwashed wageslave so desperate for the scraps his overlords toss him that he lashes out at the people fighting for him
Seven different kinds of meth
This thing no one wants and no one's expecting to happen? IT'LL NEVER HAPPEN. HAHAHA GOT YOU.
Golden heart
Tomoko then
"I want to become a weapons trafficker" 
Tomoko now
"I want to try becoming a writer"
me then 
"I want to be an astronaut"
me now
"I guess I'll be an accountant"
The entire classroom had to randomly change seats
Asuka just told the kid in charge of the draw to just put her near Tomoko and the kid went with it
She just CAN do whatever she pleases.
She just can't do whatever she pleases.
Left her lonely, needed friend alone to run after a fanged bitch
By not having her only friend around her, said lonely friend fell into the hands of the Autism Singularity plaguing the school
Saber was cute
mob psycho 100
subject in namefield
Not liking reigen
it's better to die than to fight back.
needing a 24/7 vrains thread
 Not only Go character is completely retarded but his design and archetype are the worst so far.
Bohman may actually be allowed to beat Yusaku and destroy Firewall Dragon forever
https://www.yugioh-card.com/oc/gameplay/detail.php?id=1155
being so broken that not even being the MC's ace saves you from being banned
Be so degenerate they make sure that any future MC's ace is just a shitty vanilla card.
hasn't even appeared in S2
his card game is so badly managed the MCs ace has to be banned
errata
Links are a degenerate summoning method in the first place
Gets ignis
Gets main trio billing 
Dodges the banlist
 the call that saved trickstars
marathoned 5Ds during the last 2 weeks
absolutely fucking loved every bit of it
tried to watch Zexal, Arc and now the hot mess that is Vrains
all of them suck major ass
using a literally irrelevant character to hype up his card game
Oh shit, we made it too strong
Immediatley cuck it with Decode Talker
Yusaku hasn't used either in a long time now
his card game is so shit they ran out of ideas so they shat out the original anime again to milk nostalgia bucks from their 10 iq fanbase
Zexal
Sucked ass
GO and Earth will pair as ''evil hacked good guys''
Windy and BS will pair because Lighting wants to
this season ends
they fight a greater evil
Earth and Go such as Windy and BS decide to stick together anyway
our Ignis party become: Yusaku, Aoi, Takeru, Jin, Go and Kengo
Only one who doesn't rely on friendship power
Only one with a 2300 attack ace 
that y placement 
Trio pictures
Not Jin
Banned
implying YGO isn’t worse when it comes to nostalgia milking
the chad decode talker vs the virgin firewall dragon
Helmet has hair of Kite
chest plate has the outline of the bangs of Shark
I made it to 15
blocks your happy ending
Trickstars untouched again
yuseifag
great thing about it is its visual direction and animation for a YGO show
all of a sudden
two debuting VAs dropped out of the industry immediately after their final lines for this show were recoreded
the show gcompletley crushed the loyal fanbase who stayed to the end hoping at least some good would come out it.
that legendary drop in ratings
on par with a SNAFU mis-airing that played dead air instead of an actual episode
Chadwall Dragon is too much of a chad even Konami is afraid of it.
inb4 he just says some edgy shit just as he finishes BS off
It still needs to be decent if they want to sell it
BRD
GGGG
DR
lose to revolver
lose to BS
become more relevant than the both combined
Doubting based DRXD
akira lose to PM
become one of the most relevant characters
GO loses to revolver and soulburner
becomes a crazy character to watch
BS lose twice
gets his own mini arc
SB win a hell lot
last episode he didnt even got to talk when he was there the whole time
bs gets his owns mini arc
buddyfight
You find out this is your imouto
best season
so relevant she moved up rank from cast list 2 to 1
fujoshits find this horseface nibba attractive
he doesn't find horseface attractive
needing a 24/7 vrains thread
200+ posts
60 different IPs
less in 12 hours
I can't enjoy modern Bushiroad anymore, they used to be good, but everyting is childified now.
still think it's a trio
tfw Gumblar Dragon is still legal
firewall dragon the forbidden one
Glam marik
3 designs
survives the banlist for 1.5+ years
when you look at the OP and realize Yusaku will never tell Aoi his identity
Implying
having a literal plot device that can see through avatar 
still doesn't allowed to know PM's identity
So when it was at 2, how could you use it multiple times reliably?
Blame firewall that effect damage cards exist
It's effect damage cards fault that they exist in the first place, not firewalls
Forgetting the time that the entire CLANS of the MC, Rival, AND Main Antagonist of the first season had to get sealed away so the wouldn't get more support
veiler
she
Zexalfags invading the thread
THREE posts
Gallop
Budget
 Bushiroad 
 used to be good
Fairyshit
Deviantart
that 'soiburner & flame will turn' anon still going at it
implying we didn't know that 
Hating on the pend god's ace 
it will get banned anon it stops you from playing the game literally 
tfw this month's spoiler batch will contain a break for the new year
to the point two debuting VAs dropped out of the industry immediately after their final lines for this show were recoreded
those proportions
watching SANDA in this quality
Kite
filename
Zane: barely around
Phoenix: barely around
Bastion: Psshaw
tfw no character voiced by Hosoya in Vrains
Phoenix
friend
Aster
Friend
Shun as the friend character
Edo as the best friend instead of Johan or Sho
Crow
not Bruno
this is what your love for 5D looks like
Edo's D-HEROs in Arc-V look like abominations
this motherfucker never shows up in the anime
Guy who sneaks into the Dark World to RP with Hell Kaiser to bring Judai back is not a friend
each series respective power trio
and Edo Phoenix 
Jim
So was Yuto, Yuya’s spirit companion like Atem, Yubel, Crimson D, Astral, and Ai?
no Bruno
no Johan
Most of GX's episodes were animated by Koreans
If your cards dont sell you're not important and even if we push your cards and dont sell, we'll make you buy them
 Who's Misawa
 They weren't in danger, just brainwashed. 
hurr durr nostalgiafagging
webm
good storyline and atmosphere
what the stories and characters are, vehicles to shill a card game
not liking rivals
Not sure what to think of her friend
 rejecting humanity, soul and human body
 team up with Lighting
just 1 year and half until new series
Zexal was DM + GX
Arc-V was GX + 5Ds
VRAINS is 5Ds + DM
DM - Zexal
GX - Arc V
5Ds - Vrains
he doesn't know she turned all those mecha loving university Yale B.A.K.A. clubs into moefags back in 1988
he doesn't know the first OC from 1988 was her image 512x512 before people even knew what .jpg is
13 spare tablets in the shoe locker
I’m taking so much time off work, so
At the moment [I’m in] such a body/form, so...
most popular girl is her school
EVERY boy respects her
couldn't care less for being in love
earns her own money to buy her own stuff
s2 never
blu rays are already like 300 yen
No dabbing
Antagonist is evil because he is bored
Antagonist is evil because he is
antagonist is the protagonist
Antagonist is an antagonist because they don't believe in no spooks
antagonist
a person who actively opposes or is hostile to someone or something; an adversary.
Mangaka: What should I do to make this character and this story interesting
Producers of mainstream western media: What should we do to make this story relatable to the average joe in the most superficial way possible
What should we do to make this story relatable to the average joe in the most superficial way possible
What should we do to make this story relatable to the average joe in the most superficial way possible
chaotic evil
what is an isekai?
protagonist played off as good guy
protagonist wins
is actually a communist and fucks up everything
antagonist is evil because he's immortal and has gotten so bored of life he seeks for a way to kill himself
Protagonist is secretly a god and subconciously causes shenanigans because she is bored
bully tries to explain his bullying as anything but insecurity
Antagonist is evil because the Protagonist ignored him as a child in a large crowd.
trope
The joke
My motivations? You can't judge me! I did what I had to do to SAVE THIS WORLD!
My motivations? I forgot.
My motivations? *cackles like a mad man and just lunges at you*
My motivations? Because I hate you all for what you did to me/my loved ones!
My motivations? They're way too complex for your feeble minds to understand!

he's been stuck in an unending loop of suffering for eternity and wants out
Villain that's 100% pure evil, has goals that he knows are evil, and doesn't care or try to justify them and pretend he's in the right, and is intimidating and memorable
MC that uses morally ambiguous means to defeat the villain
Antagonist is bakagonist
My motivations? Because I can.
My motivations? Do I really need one?
but he just goes "nah but Hitler yo"
any morally ambiguous ( read: clearly fucking evil)
I think you have to be a pseudo-intellectual
antagonist fucks up everything because he's an idiot
pretentious grey morality antagonist fucks everything up with his blatant sophistry
antagonist is a greedy and evil, but tries to put on a facade of lovable and endearing incompetence so that everyone lets their guard down
the facade crumbles
antagonist is evil because he sees an unforseen danger that the world is unprepared for
defending mass eugenics and revolutionary mentality
antagonist is not actually evil, he's just playing a con on the actual evil
so they inevitably get their own plans hampered by people intervening because they don't understand their motivation in the first place.
So you think the average joe in Japan is a sociopath genius with delusions of grandeur?
Game
watch the first movie pretending to know nothing about it,
But he's not. It's all hype
They called the Sith and Jedi ancient religions lmao
antagonist is evil cause he's an otaku
It's not uncommon for those sorts of shows or films to end up having the journey be much more interesting than the ultimate "payoff" because of how weak the antagonist is.
and the narrative is weaker for that latent period between reclaiming the shire and sailing west.
I have no idea how you think it makes the story weaker.
 the journey be much more interesting than the ultimate "payoff" because of how weak the antagonist is.
Antagonist is not actually evil, he´s just playing the bad guy because its easier.
Character is both the hero and the villain of the story
Antagonist is evil to the core because he enjoys it.
Boring tier

Antagonist is evil because he can't find himself in society
antagonist is evil because he lost a bet
the protagonist has a great or good character design but has zero to no personality or a boring as fuck personality
has a clear obsession with ''realism'',
i wanted my dragon to look real so I made it a wyvern, because wyverns have 4 limbs and thats more realistic than 6 limbs
Antagonist is evil because he was raped
antagonist isn't evil, but he keeps forcing his damn fetishes into everything
antagonist is evil because ''humans r dumb lol''
People seem brainwashed by utilitarianism nowadays
The antagonist was never real in the first place
The real antagonist were the foes we made along the way
being bored
Antagonist is evil because he likes Star Wars
antagonist actually has a good reason to be evil
audience can agree with him
they make him do something comically evil and out of character to make the protagonist look righteous
antagonist is so bored that the entire plot is an elaborate plan to cuck himself to death
Antagonist is evil because he is bored
villain motivation is to kill all niggers and jews
antagonist pretends to be a dumb and innocent guy
its actually a greedy evil mastermind who was manipulating everyone from the start
more relateble to a regular viewing audience than a character doing shit for "The lulz"
Antagonist never explains his motivation to the heroes, and comes off as unreasonable, or greedy
Actually, I just wanted to stop the end of the world, i'm dying so now it's unavoidable, bye bye
antagonists does it due to SCIENCE and knowledge and doesn't think that what he's doing is wrong or morally reprehensible 
hundreds of series released every year
NOT A SINGLE ONE where the antagonist is a cute girl who's secretly a criminal mastermind who's fucking shit up for the world just because she can and likes being a villain
villain kills the literally omnipotent god to free reality and all of existence from its tyrannical rule
impying dumb written storys and characters are good because they aren't reletable and realistic
Villain of the story just wants to help people
Destroys the only remaining successful country left on the planet
My motivations? You can't judge me! I did what I had to do to SAVE THIS WORLD!
My motivations? Because I hate you all for what you did to me/my loved ones!
My motivations? This just my job
My motivations? I forgot.
My motivations? They're way too complex for your feeble minds to understand!
My motivations? *cackles like a mad man and just lunges at you*
killing is evil
antagonist is evil because he sees himself above other people, which he is in a way
he kills to satisfy his bloodlust which grew due to his own fear of death
fighting the MC makes him realize the truth about his existence and relationship to death, also made him gay for MC, giving him a protagonist-like character arc
reader starts rooting for antagonist despite him being an evil vampire who murdered another important character
antagonist uses an alien invasion as an excuse to establish authoritarian hellhole to terrorize/kill her state's population before the genocidal aliens can do it themselves
 Protagonist carves a path of blood and death through every antagonist
these kids are assholes because they are bored
so every bored kid should be an asshole
made the same thread twice because he got no (yous) for the first one
THE CG
not posting the "i masturbated to you" scene
tfw no miyuki sawashiro voiced gf
not animating a "i masturbated to you" scene
Hey, did you guys hear? Anon confessed his feelings for me!
intense IMAGINING
sudden frames making them look lame as fuck
he doesn't know
he made a post on Twitter today, saying that he just received his own copy from Unital Ring and that the last illustration is shocking and he can't wait for us to see it
Unital ring comes out next sunday
authors can't promote their own work
featuring male donut
Liking the vastly inferior female main character
No Eugeo 
2018
being ironic
Better cinematography they said
Better writing they said
Author hypes up his upcoming work to his fanbase, like almost every other author on the planet regardless of genre or medium does
Anon assumes this is proof of hackery
Eugeo episode
read it for myself.
IN TEN YEARS TIME
dub bloopers
get burned out temporarily with SAO MD
fucking miss the Tales collaboration and getting Sorey and the others
never got figmas of the rest of the kings
implying
Yui
He think Eugeo didn't win the Kiritobowl
pull no ranking characters
Buffed ranged units
rateups
christmas rank reward characters are fuka and llenn
shitty SAO characters/aesthetics thrown in
slow
comfy
next episode
Watch Kazuto Kirigaya
the plot will kick off next episode
the plot will REALLY kick off next episode
i swear to god the plot will come next episode
give it time, it's 2 more episodes till the end, but the plot will kick of
Philia
Kureha
Koharu
Still no reply from dsgusting 
she wants the Blue Rose Sword
no time to watch
SWORDLAND
cuter
Eugeo just blushed
Tize doesn't know Eugeo loves Kirito
next season
Big thanks to the 2 anons who submitted after the mix was done and the video was rendered and uploaded
AAH, HUMBERT-SAMA'S NOBLE DICK IS SO GOOD, IT'S NOTHING AT ALL LIKE SENPAI'S PATHETIC COMMONER'S DICK
Someone tries to kill you and your bitch fiance doesn't give you her umbrella so you can dual wield
Die
Become a vegetable 
Get stuck in some fucking game and no one tells you what's happening
Consider killing yourself a viable option of leaving at one point
Meet this wood cutting fucker
Find out you feel real pain mid fight
Nearly die trying to save wood cutting fucker
Have to be kept alive by loli ghost
Go to sword school
it's been 2 years and you still don't have a clue what the fuck is happening
Tweedle dee and tweedle dum destroy MUH FLOWERS
Have to climb a fucking tower
Get BTFO of the tower and have to climb it with some bitch
Turns out wood cutting fucker put hoes before bros and you have to fight him
Shit happens and he is now having about half as much fun as he was a moment ago
Finally talk to the outside
"Oh hey Kazuto yeah we're having a situation at the moment you might become double braindead in a minuet sorry"
Becomes double braindead
Have to get carted about by some knight bitch
Swords are my only friends now.jpg
Some fucking brats knock your wheelchair over 
Can't even dual weild on these fuckers
Fucking trip to skeggie with Heathcliff would be better than this
Want to save the village but can only fucking shake like a phone on silent until knight bitch moves her ass 
In the back of a wagon for a bit
Fiance enters game as a sexy goddess
Can't even fuck her 
Doesn't even know who she is 
Defeat the enemy but have to wait hundreds of years to be let out of the game
reuploaded the same version
wahhh Kirito is an emotionless Gary Stu
Kirito displays emotion
waaaahhhh cringe lmaooooo right reddit??
Stay cool
You should save it for a real farewell
What about her friend Frenica? Is she used goods?
tfw no kohai slave to sexually molest
we only see lolice for one episode
he doesn't know.
Lol
sabotaging your arranged marriage to fuck Chad
Japan doesn't like limbs
Episode and a half
Got nothing from the Anime gacha this week...
 Asuna is shit.
oh noes the miladies are in danger!!! the evil bad dudes are being evil and threatening their purities!! kiritokun eugeokun hurry you gotta save them!!
not a valid counterargument
i-it'll get good 40 episodes in I promise!
We
when they butcher Kirito/Alice relationship in order to please the Asuna shitters
Oberon
all those sinonfags
there are more silicafags than lizfags
Lisbeth less popular than Oberon, competing with Eiji for least popular. 
her what?
All these Silica votes

Liking the true mary sue
to her underwear
RAPIST
KYH WAS STREA ALL ALONG
liking female mc's

Being EOP
second seasons is announced
Takabe is hired to play Agiri again
forgive her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAKWp0XI-Fs
Kobayashi putting bro's before hoes
baiting the poorfag with food
5th panel
ehehe, did I manage to trick you?
this ass isn't talking
Somehow this first page makes me care so much more than everything in the last three chapters
this arc will blow in 5 chapters
This page
no (You)s
picked up the series hopeful to avoid Nisekoi
Kobayashi :For me as long as Narichan's happy i don't mind.
New best girl Uruka, plot driving chapter.
More Uruka next week.
tomboy (not really)
Uruka chapter
I can't even blame Nariyuki here all things considered.
 as she even knows she has last
Considering all of that, Uruka’s seems the easiest and most likely of happening
Everyone sets her up to win
Has had multiple years lead ahead of the other girls
Is basically almost spoonfed nariyuki at least a few times, and we know nariyuki is not totally averse to going out with her
Shoots herself in the foot when she could have bagged the prize home
Other girls start to become important to nariyuki, her swim team backup is basically telling her to confess or it might be too late
Haha did i manage to trick you?? Here's a kiss that doesn't mean anything, btw i'm going far away
Uruka chapter
ded thread after 100 posts
implying Sawako isn't the clear winner of the Rizubowl
Suck my hairy black
needing a separate thread as safe space
oh we know about each other's feeling, but let's keep things as it is until we're ready
Yakuzaman follows the same principle by making sure his ""writing"" is so horribly biased towards Fumino that the readers are turned off by the other girls.
Keep crying bitch nigga. See you next week for more Uruka
but then there're a lot of people who picked up the series hopeful to avoid Nisekoi
gyaru
Uruka is still in the lead.
I swear it feels like this author just doesn't care about any of the girls except Fumino
make a safe space thread
get hijacked.
Urukafags can't handle so much banter that they need to create a safespace thread
tfw I confessed to a girl and when she rejected me I said the same thing
You're
Australia is wasted on her.
practice for overseas greetings LOL
Yuiga, concerned with Fumino's words, decided to ask Uruka once again about her love interest, once again opened a path for Uruka,
Uruka then processed to kiss Yuiga
Bogan translated uruka doujin
that nose
Saber has no chance.
fucking arms blown off entirely
bleeds a bit, then bleeding stops entirely
another shit episode
one bump limit thread
four <10 post threads
goes to hold akane's hand
The handholding in OP was between Akane and Rikka when they used to go to the sea all the time
Not a yurifag
Yuta is calling Rikka by his first name
two episodes in a row with essentially zero plot
AKANEFAGS
Rikka and Akane holding hands together near the sea
no romance in LWA
it doesnt sell
anything that imply yuri
Is there any significance to the name Tonkawa?
Can't wake up
all these people trying to bait each other
another plagiarism
Teenage boys are pretty easy to manipulate with tits
Walk up to the Infirmary
See this
What do
humans will act as their nature intends and cannot be controlled
pre orders already decreases
FLOPMAN
people thought rikka was going to be the one to bring anti over to their side
it's actually going to be calibur
sales are declining
acting so butthurt because his theory of the hand being Yuta's turn out to be completely wrong 
Flopman 
Boringman 
ShitShitShitShit Shitman
***,*67 (△***,*76)
Rikka is already into Yuta
mfw this shit is flopping
Threads were comfy up till now
In the dream world, Akane gave her and Rikka the uniforms they wear on the ending
Ultraman and chill
There were people who said she did not have powers
"a neutral let's hang out"
Neighsayers BTFO
not even half the catalogue with multiple over 500
I'm so proud that Akane is happy and have friends to rely on
ZZZZ.Flopman
concentrated shitposting
at this day
let's hang out at my place and watch Ultraman
my parents aren't there
you can stay the night
 didn't even have the decency to fall asleep on Rikka's butt
Threads were comfy up till now, did people get bored of Goblin threads and move here or something?
My lover
My best friend I love like a sister
My hobbies friend that goes to cons with me
Japanese don't like [x]
Classic Japan shit taste.
Japanese do like [x]
Classic Japan shit taste.
even utsumi rejects you
he likes this trash
says lmao
is a fucking retard
 What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little NPC? I'll have you know I'm your god, secret nework of kaiju, bare doujins, etc., you know the pasta. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
worser
The super sexy girl in class just so happens to meet him at the manga store, is into the exact same shit as him, helps him buy some super rare limited edition merch, and then invites him to her house to fuck all in the same day
Darling in the FranXX
Kiznaiver
LWA TV
I'm actually a demon
this episode is so good that fags on discord raid the board out of anger
rejecting dreams for reality
trigger
based
kys
speedwatcher
Kaiju wasn't harming anything, it would clip right through buildings
it's only purpose was keeping the three in a dream
only became tangible after the three broke out
Akane made the kaiju with the sole purpose of not wanting them to leave her alone
this thread
she's a Kaiju crafter
in the virtual world
on a 1 sq mile fake city
she does it for free
she takes her "job" very seriously
she deletes NPCs she doesn't like whenever she gets upset
she will never move out of Alexis' house
she will never know how to prepare anything besides a special doggu
she will never have a Yuta bf
she will never have any friends
/a/ hates it
/m/ hates it
/v/ hates it
OH NO NO NO NO
Not a yurifag by the way.
Rikka being her best friend and Utsumi being her tokufag friend.
It also explains why Akane have Yuta sitting right next to her.
Isolating yourself from your friends because they overtake you in popularity and you start to feel unwanted so you end up completely alone
Darling
Trigger
fanart about akane telling yuta to untangle earphones
trigger make their own NGE but fail horribly
12 episodes
better waste one on Flashback/Dream episode, it's not like we've told anything in any of the other ones anyways
ignoring the fact that you got called out in your bullshit because he uses memes to write
But there's literally nothing that implies yuri.
she has no answer even to Rikka's question

If Rikka was supposed to be her best friend...
only two guys like this show
a samefag and his phone
he
You never have friends that sleep over at your place?
look I redirected th attention to other thing again mom! 
sure no one notices I'm retarded now!
Voice acting
/m/ hates it
mydaugtherushotgirlfriend.com
though I'm surprised by /m/ for them sinking to the same level that /v/ or the niggers in this board.
911
polls
Utsumi breaks out of dream because he realizes that so many good things happening to him just can’t be true
no gridman appearing
despite a giant ass kaiju just standing there, menacingly
He bought?
fanart
hey everyone look my opinion I'm a professional anime reviewer xD
This episode is so good all the haters raid the threads
tfw relate to Akane more than any other character except not a cute girl
You never have friends that sleep over at your place?
is better than Luluco
She will look ugly in the real
Utsumi is the only one getting kicked
clasps his hand
tells him that her parents aren’t home
franxx finished months ago with more episodes
gridman hasn't even finished and is 9 episodes in of 12
already has more fanarts
already has more fanarts
HIV
you will never be friends with Redman
find the source
Has to drop this shit show to such a low bar to make it sound better
he felt the pain after waking up
come back to my place and spend the night
its ok, my parents aren’t home
in case you didn't find out
spoiler
fanarts
Implying that's a bad thing
Implying plump bellies are ugly
nuh npc meme
stinky feet
deadly fart because of bad hygiene 
vag cheese
muuhhh but second half of KLK 
I don’t think just friends is what was being implied here
dropped plot points
production got even worse
nui was shit
it's getting more fanart but doesn't mean is any faster than the fanart on franxx!
Akane
tonkawa family
lol, okay sweetie
oh no I'm losing... b-but you are the kind of people that is dumb!!
yfw Akane is a clutter and Alexis is the King of Twilight
fan arts
arts
why would I?
He henshin'd?
4chan readily jumps on and salivates over pandering scenes that never go anywhere
goes into asexual mode when a girl hints very hard at actually getting some
 He's a hateable asshole that berates everyone
He always ALWAYS wins, to the point of being ridicolous
Everything he achieves is basically only for himself
Hero's journey is basically to overcome him, and he does this by even adopting his fighting style to better himself
Poses a threat to the MC's dream and to the reader's patience
For the story to conclude, MC will have to overcome him and best him
He's more of an antagonist than the fucking villains
fight Bakugou
you lose, in one case so hard you turn into a joke character
be friends with Bakugou
insist he's great despite him treating you like ass
Bakugo
Saving anyone
one lone bakuposter destroys entire Deku shitposting thread
Samefagging this hard
Growth and developement
being this much of a speedreader
perfectly fine thread free of shitposting
suddenly Bakuspergs come in and shit all over everything
waaah why are the mean bakuchads ruining our bitch thread
One panel in which he cries because he acted like a bitch and lost a match
One panel in which he tells a shithead kid not to underestimate others while he keeps insulting even his closest friends
One fight where he shows emotonal weakness, and then nothing changes
Gives one advice to Deku yet he still insults him for no reason
Goes to Deku and Allmight just to tell them they're assholes and to tell Deku to go eat shit
Bakuposter telling it how it is
bakubot spamming
they have a drive they are still treated as the hero.
literally SEETHING
181440053
Next chapter will be setup, maybe start the action somewhat
1-2 chapters of a normal match like the others, ultimately resulting in everyone captured except Deku, Shinso and Monoma
1 chapter of Deku and Shinso having a fight/talk, with Deku avoiding the quirk hard.
It'll end with Deku having the upper hand, but then Monoma will come out of nowhere and catch Deku in a copied version of Shinso's quirk
Monoma will have the win in the bag of his own clever planning and skill
And then he'll fuck it up
He'll start to gloat and lord this victory over Deku instead of telling Deku to get in the cage
He'll tell Deku to do embarrassing stuff just to rub it in
Shinso will see his quirk, the quirk EVERYONE thought he'd use for bad shit, being misused
Shinso will get fucking pissed
He'll put Monoma under the effect of his quirk
He'll tell Monoma to get in the cage
4 of Team B will be caged, thus Team A wins (they already used the timeout rule, so they will CERTAINLY use the 4 man rule in this fight)
Bakufags are cucks
Class B
decent class of fellow hero students
asexual
ITT
He doesn't even show a hint of attraction to anyone
deep down, this annoying asshole isn't so bad
you cannot act like an asshole 24/7 and then expect people to like you because "You try"
Wasnt there for Stain
Got captured
Got taken down in the license exam
Failed the license exam
Deku cries too much
he was handed everything (his quirk)
he was handed everything (his quirk)
Failed the license exam
because he has Endeavor's children outright tell him exactly this
reading Bakugou N His Assistants
disliking bakugou
all this SEETHING 
1º Everyone unites to beat Bakuteam
2º BAKUSTOMP
Literally crying because people are saying things he doesnt like in his safespace
well written
BNHA
Half the shit you faggots cry about is shit you made up.
all present in story.
seeing a fictional character as a threat 
muh beta
not liking a ship means you perceive a fictional character to be a threat 
not liking a character means you self-insert
tfw no aggro twink with constant fluffy hair to fuck
they feel like they are getting cucked since Deku is getting cucked. 
Tell me one good character from MHA.
All Might recognizes that Bakugo has the potential to become a great hero one day, as long as he's nurtured in the right direction. But one wrong move and Bakugo could easily go down the path of a villain. So he's trying to be as positive a role model as he can for him.
Todoroki doesn't have any flaws at all
and the females fawn over him.
trying to redeem a character means you're evil
Out of 7 Naruto popularity polls Sasuke only beat Naruto twice while in the rest Naruto beat him
he is utterly selfish and evil
didn't bother to read
people don't like cuck porn
Bakufag calling anyone sensitive 
7
bullying isn't evil
he thinks I'm a bakufag
Bakugo only says mean things
never participate in BnH threads
see this one
bakugo-fag
Where it shows he's violently sincere 
first appears cocky and full of himself
goes to UA
loses to Deku
gets teased by other classmastes and feeling lesser than some of them, mostly Todoroki and now Deku
inferiority complex kicks in causing him to act like an asshole to everyone
turns that frustration and anger into actual effort and betters himself in his studies and his training as a hero
gets praised by classmates because he is actually improving himself
gets kidnapped by villains
shows weakness and feels responsible for being weak making All Might losing his powers
vows to work hard even if he wasn't the chosen hero All Might selected
works hard
gets praise for the work he puts in
This is how retarded Bakufujos are
1B fapbait lizard slut btfo 
Monoma btfo 
Todoshitters btfo 
Kamikeks btfo 
rent free
lizard slut is made to be defeated and fucked
made for breeding
he's not some made up entity that people force their insecurities on.
all these insecure (you)s
too afraid to reply directly to the people who mocked him
people in this thread whining about baku and deku
Not talking about how lewd setsuna can be
Not posting porn of setsuna
1-A wins
1-B wins
Tie
1-A wins
afraid
tfw when you like both characters and just enjoy autists' reeeeing competition
Normal people don't go out of their way to write an extremely disturbing domestic abuser and then give him a redemption arc
trying to redeem a flawed character is bad writing
it was sour
normal people
Do you want to know why you have so much problem with Izuku and Bakugo?
What does your average run-of-the-mill rivalry "suppose" to have? Two rivals who are Almost Equal in terms of characterization and power level.
Not shitposting
Having opinions
Do you get it now?
Bakugo
being anything but the rape victim
ever
Like no one would be able to believe that Deku could actually win the fight
Deku has had more experience than Bakugou so he should lose because plot
I didn't have an issue with beating Deku in their second match because that pushed both of them to their absolute limits
Deku you need to learn how to save through winning
Like I've been doing since the fucking start?
The bigger problem with Bakugo is how fucking irrelevant he is to the story overall right now for how hyped up he is.
the only student qualified to be the informative commentary on Deku that's not Ochaco is Bakugo
who will be utterly enraged if Deku either does too good or even slightly bad
Except Deku was trying not to hurt both his fragile body, or ego even more and only lost because Bakugo decided to use retard strength with a move that would have killed any other student in the class without hardening powers.
this is how retarded Bakufujos are
No argument 
Deku gets MC'd
meets the ghosts
OfA goes haywire again
Deku goes berserk while unconscious and knocks out everyone, both his allies and 1-B
No where was it stated 
two teams tie
they're 3 places apeart and one of them is ranked first, above the most solidly victorious teams
This is how retarded Bakufujos are
No argument once again 
All this headcannon
All this denial 
Bakugo HAD to win this fight in order to prove he's grown, otherwise its the same shit after so many chapters
Did literally nothing different from the Sports Festival and License Exam
H-h-h-he had to win
Bakugo HAD to win this fight
otherwise its the same shit
Women like Abuse
realistic character
has human emotions
she's good at everything she does, and she has no inner conflict or flaws
every bitch at UA
I am better than they are
Not to mention every bitch at UA want's Midoriya's dick
Grateful
Regretful/sorry for something that is usually out of his control anyway
 Bakugo is clearly mentally unstable
Its because of this that all of Bakugou's faults are rendered irrelevant while Deku's are rendered tenfold
muh chad
Deku is to get the basedboy low test faggot audience like yourselves, Bakugou is for actual real men. 
/thread
mfw a mediocre series like BnHA got such a god-tier anime adapt but Gash Bell's shitty adapt is set in stone
how much Hori seems to detest women
Sasuke who everyone nonsensically loves and forgives despite being an asshole
Deku is annoying as hell.
cold/agressive attitude
achieves pretty much everything she wants to do in a way that looks like she isnt even trying
Why do you think so?
thinking Gash was shit
it doesn't deserve a chance because it's dead and old shit
strawmanning
Beerus with short ear
Beerus with fur
Beerus /fit/
Gogeta is a weaker fusion than Vegito
In the original canon manga, Buu says Goku and Vegeta aren't strong enough to beat him, not even if they use the fusion... and the only fusion he knows about (sans absorption) is the dance, and he knows how strong the dance is since he knows how weak Goten and Trunks are and how strong Gotenks is. So the metamoran fusion of Goku and Vegeta is weaker than their potara fusion.
In the original canon manga, Vegetto mentions he wasn't expecting being that insanely strong. You can ignore Buu because he's a cocky bastard and an ignorant, but Goku knows perfectly its own strength, Vegeta's strength and the multiplier of the metamoran dance, so his fusion with Vegeta can't possibly be wrong measuring its power... if it was a metamoran fusion. Vegetto surpassed his expectations, so that confirms the Goku-Vegeta potara fusion is stronger than the metamoran one.
even if you ignore this because you are a pathetic denial, the 7th Daizenshuu (the only one approved by Toriyama) outright confirms this and says "after merging with the potara, the power is greater than with Fusion"
skipping
Vegito has never lost a fight
Gogeta has never won a fight
unable to refute a thing, the salty fanboy just memes his way out
overpowers fused SSB a few times
powerful enough to last beyond the duration of a fusion
B-B-BUT I'M THE STRONGEST FUSION! THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING!
canonically weaker than BASE Vegetto and BASE Gogeta
Literally immortal
Universe sized or meta cooler army if he takes damage
still nothing but memes and non even canon pics
original manga and the Daizenshuu approved by Toriyama
non canon
[guy that never finished a fight] has won all his fights and [guy that never finished a fight either] has lost all his
GODotaro can't stop being based, this time with a Queen reference
toeiturds still refuses to learn what tracing is
even better than fusion
SSB Vegito defused 5 minutes into his fist
SSB Gogeta kept powering up like crazy and stayed fused the entire time limit
what is tracing: the post
stayed fused the entire time limit
anime is noncanon
surviving until he times out counts as win
LB Jiren
inb4 n-no the proper Gogeta still lasts 30 minutes I swear!
Thinking you can kill an immortal
Broly confirmed strongest
he's now in pure denial, now that his arguments have been depleted
he stays fused the entire time
Kale 
Kefla 
Kefla 
Gohan = Kefla
both Goku and Vegeta improved in comparison with their Zamasu arc selves
and the potara is stronger than the metamoran
Fused Zamasu was closer to Vegetto, than Broly is to Gogeta
Gohan not above kefla
manga is not canon
is headcanon that fusion worked like fusion works
the actual battles continue to disprove you
that jobhanfag that can't accept his boy and Kefla are weaker than SSB Goku again
Baiting this hard
this is your Broly manga by Oishi bro
by Oishi
more power
less time
less power
(presumably) more time
Canonically killed by Goku black
AAAHHH GOGETA-SAMA I WAS JOKING, YOU ARE THE STRONGEST! I'M GONNA GET CHIRAI READY FOR YOU IN A SEC, BUT PLEASE DON'T KILL ME!
brown elf
shit taste
he doesnt know about kuroinu
liking both fusions
enjoying dragon ball without being a little bitch
In Vegito's debut, he was referred to as Gogeta (ゴジータ Gojīta).[1][3]
https://twitter.com/LibLib_8200/status/1046560481891078144
watches over two excellent beings
Gogeta canon personality is exactly the same as Vegetto's
why the fuck is the dance more powerful than the earrings
used only in a semi-canon movie
used in gt
(and acted like Gotenks or a retards version of Vegito in GT)
How come he hasn't used it more?
if the gap is as huge as it was shown to be in buu saga
goku and bulma are prone to freezing
the strongest Trio in all the universes
oh shit we have no time to establish a personality for him let's just kill the villain in 2 minutes while Gogeta keeps a constipated expression like Vegeta and then when he wins he smiles like Goku
let's show how a Goku-Vegeta fusion should act, focused on kicking ass but still enjoying the ride, all this is a decently long battle where you can actually enjoy him as character
mfw pic related is true
Goku + Broly fusion
Vegeta + Broly fusion
Gogeta finally becomes canon
Gogetafags are butthurt
Vegettofags are happy
Vegito fags literally still trying to argue that he is stronger than Gogeta
not Jiren and El Hermano vs El Grande Padre (Zeno absorbed)
no bandana soaked in the blood of his friend
implying El Hermano won’t be enough without his dimwit brother
smug like Gohan
jobs like Gohan
irrelevant dead character skin #1 vs irrelevant dead character skin #2
infinite strength 
not something beyond strength
unironically defending Broly as the strongest
DBS and ToP arc bad
the virgin "maximum power"
the chad ABSOLUTE STRENGTH
He thinks people will bite
tfw stronger than Shitly
single handedly raises the universe level
can talk in a relaxed manner around the god of destruction beerus and not be chastised.
Vegeta the "I'm sorry Gohan" prince of Saiyans says he still has the greatest potential of them all.
His wife is willing to become a cuckquean for him.
loved by trunks in one timeline and respected in another.
daughter overpowered F.trunks in her base form.
knows where to buy great ice cream.
can finish the most difficult of assignments earlier than expected to make time for F.trunks.
Is secretly the great Saiyaman.
Whis and the grand priest are impressed with his power.
Years of experience fighting with most of team 7 during times his power fluctuated at all points so he is the perfect tactical head.
Goku is counting on him just like in the cell games.
Saiyan blood is activating as the crisis increases
asks the most important questions to the kai's themselves.
conviced Goku to leave his eternal rival Monaka out of the tournament.
brings up the talents of Master Roshi.
mentions the existence of android 17.
has continued training with Piccolo-san.
first one to give congratulations to the birth of vegeta's daughter.
First one to tell Trunks his sister has been born.
now feels double the urgency to protect Vegeta's child as well.
goes on to test Krillin on his request.
demonstrates the solar flare x100 so Goku isn't caught by surprise.
after having only know life or death battles as a child, has learned what one should expect from a tournament from his friendly uncle Krillin. 
Is so intimately known by 18 she can recognize a change in personality immediately.
Is trusted by Krillin and 18 with their only daughter.
gets his cool hair back in the ending credits.
shitty blank canvas with no personality vs the same charismatic personality Vegetto has which makes sense because they are the same person
literally a buffed grey alien
Dragon Ball Onions
gokek
It was posted in a thread and while people laughed it didn't really get a huge reaction.
he had so much potential, being the brother of the series protagonist
tfw Hits brother never became popular
Black es Goten
Episode 114
godku
irrelevant
brother
2/3 was true
323 posts
73 posters
defeats
vegeta got 3 forms in the ToP

jobber 
super jobber
super jobber 2
thinks ToP arc is good
only posts scenes from the last two episodes
worst arc of the series
best finale of the series
tfw Jobhan is shit but you need to falseflag with other characters to hide it
when bejita wont impregnate your wife
tries to debunk official sources that proven him wrong with headcanon
anime Gohan
useless cuck, has to be taught the most simple fighting lessons like he's still a child and still fails to do them properly, basically gets called a retard by 17, all while supposedly being the "smart guy" and team leader
wears gokek gi
manga Gohan
unchanged since Ultimate unlocked in Buu saga, a true chad that chose his own path to getting stronger, seduces a qt3.14 lime monkey
wears based piccolo gi
liquid shit
 UI Goku 
”a-atleast the anime is fun!”
Jobhan
not utter shit regardless of the medium
April
Vegetto would be just as strong as Gogeta if they used him here.
dubshit
Muh silent badass who wastes no time killing his opponents.
liking atatatatata
NuGogeta is just reskinned Vegetto
what non canon says vs what canon says
t.Risu
Not even trying anymore I see. Good.
keeps reposting the same non-canon magazine fluff
that first panel
So first it was Cutegang vs Chadforce
FUCKING ready, boys?
Then it was Yamamuro vs Takahashi/Shintani
comparing Godhashi with Shittymuro
Ohhh, I need HIM in ME
643
1049 files in my Kefla folder
Quitela the boring mouse
Quitela
original
Beerus 
Original 
Goku 
Original
Amerilards yet again discussing absolutely meaningless dubs
ooh, its like they went out of their way to make sure she has the most annoying voice in every version of the show
Jobren
Jobly
LSS are mexicans
the green color is a reference to guacamole
yellow mouse is more original than Toyo's designs
Yellow mouse
two purple cats
midget Ganondorf with a beard
make Gogeta canon
they didn't go get Pikkon for the ToP 
mfw remembering all the Tyrones raging that Beerus didn't look like Broly and thus wasn't "threatening" when BoG came out
literally not a single canon victory
even in non-canon shit it mostly jobs
so shit Toriyama forgot it existed
ignored by Toei
strongest guy in the universe
can't catch an earring
5 threads for this dogshit
Is this the definition of rent free?
made +1 thread to protest that
Tranny 
succes
Lily
Transgender
Transgender
 Trigger hater
 are
isn't trans is just a trap
a 8 years old kid cant even be a transgender.
this post
Everyone is a ESL
I fap to traps
JUSTed tier
slightly worse but still OK
literary the same tier
better than before tier
skub tier
muh Debussy
ugly
it took 5 posts
lemme just put on all this armour against ranged opponents
wait a second, that's not right...
"Sato didn't really help because he could have just broken himself out! There was no teamwork!"
ten years after the events of one punch man.
AAAAAAAHHH SETSUNA HELP MEEE
being this salty that Awase beat Bakugo that you have to try and shitpost about canonically the strongest close ranged fighter in canon 
Bakugou-sama thanks for saving Jirou but can you please stop thrusting your tongue into her throat?
ZA WARUDO vs STARR PRATINUM
canonically the strongest close ranged fighter in canon
Canonically the strongest close range fighter in canon 
Gets destroyed by Jiro 
that face 
those spines
that posture 
canonically the strongest CLOSE range fighter
gets beat by his weakness to range
Jiro
uses long ranged attacks
GODkugou told his teammates to have his back if he got in trouble, showing that he was aware that he might get in trouble, and showing that he's okay with being saved
Doesn't REEEEEEE at being saved by Satou
tfw you realise that is all the screentime Satou has had in action before Match 4
H-He's both a jobber
Nah, Bakusperg is a pretty solid example of a Stu.
I don't care what shitposters care or say, but he effectively soloed an entire team which had a recommended student while in the middle of a perfectly executed trap he set off, while also managing tobabysit his own team. He can also play almost as many instruments as Jirou, is stronger than a fifth of All Might and from out of nowhere became a 'pillar of the class' despite not being shown a single bit of leadership or respect beforehand. Objectively speaking, he is a poorly written character with no tangible weaknesses, since his 'flaw' of being a sperg is glossed over by the fact everyone fawns over him and does exactly as he says (to the point of ooc) instead of putting their foot in the ground and rightfully telling him to fuck off ironically, like the entire class pre USJ
*BANG*
its over, I killed Setsuna 
overhaul fuses with Jonathan's body
Play as many instruments as Jiro 
you'll all make great stepping stones

now follow me you losers
Better at tasks than should be possible given training or experience.
and are usually able to upstage the protagonist
Hate him or love him, everybody in-universe can't stop praising him, and everybody irl can't stop talking about him
He gives Tokoyami and a few others instrumental advice which Jirou doesn't; he's arguably better than her, but I was trying to be conservative.
He effectively solo'd the other team 
He can also play almost as many instruments as Jiro 
Is a stronger than a fifth of All Might 
became a 'pillar of the class' despite not being shown a single bit of leadership or respect beforehand
literally booked so much like John Cena that even the same "LOVE HIM OR HATE HIM" argument
bakself inserters think that talking about the previous chapter because there was nothing about Match 5 means obsession
This is directly countered by the fact that he was caught by Awase, and would have lost without his team
These threads will be healthy again during the Yakuza arc of the anime 
Awase
Drums
1/5th
Pillar
are great with people, have a private life and do volunteer job 
we
I blame
I go to university in the current year
are great with people, have a private life and do volunteer job 
Is an amazing leader, enjoys mountain climbing in his spare time, and wants to be a HERO as a career
from mine "good at music" to "are world class musicians"?
c) these are not olympics 
 it would probably give you nothing
He's scared of the hacker known as 4chan
I'm Russian
(nobody called match 3, for one),
Bakugou is a world class musician because he played drums in school concert
Bakugou is the smartest guy in the world because he placed third in mid terms test


Bakufujo trying to downplay his self-insert's perfection
debt
Bakufujo trying to overblow his self-insert's perfecton
Bakufujo blaming the manga for how shit his self-insert is
free
you can sure as hell be assured it'll follow you for the rest of your life until it's gone.
but in the real world if he acts like this he’ll struggle to maintain jobs at Hero firms
denial denial denial
implying he didn't jobbed to Awase
screencapping a tumblr post
Admitting that BakuGOD is finally being okay with being saved, since he told his teammates to have his back if he got into trouble
Admitting that BakuGOD is finally being okay with being saved,

Bakugo is ok with being saved
Now
Fucking now
After so many years
Trying to sweep GODkugou's development under the rug
plan
getting help
His plan involved getting help
So he was okay with getting help from his teammates?
So he was okay with getting help from his teammates?
Deku and the Vestiges
Ochaco crush on Deku being brought back up at the beginning of the arc
Mineta in a match with four cute girls
Monoma's personality
Monoma coping OFA, Mineta's quirk, or Shinsou's quirk
The possibility of Mina being dumb enough to respond to Shinsou 
The possibility of Mina figuring out Ochako likes Deku and confronting her about it
Whatever might happen with the other three members of team B
30% fulll cowl deku will be able to speed blitz everybody, including Bakushit
showing his growth
be bakugou
13 years old and second year student at UA 
your girlfriend Jirou is sitting behind you in class
she sticks her earphone jacks down your pants
she wraps one around your dick and gives you an lobejob
she sticks the other up your but and massages your prostate
aizaiwa is sleeping in class
Decuck
Posting fanfic
except how he views deku changed since chapter 1
how he views deku changed since chapter 1
He was never anti social 
This takes place before Deku could kick properly 
Yet he does this 
Why are people playing hard ball with Sinshou? Also where is Mei?
No, he's always been an asshole
Acknowledging Deku as a proper rival now and being an effective team player/leader doesn't count because he still yells a lot
and being an effective team player/leader
Conveniently ignores that Bakugou now acknowledges Deku

A good writer would've had him humbled a few times maybe even have a straight up loss and not a fake one and maybe have not everyone like him
last chapter made me kind of like bakugo because he has kind of anti-hero vibes and is finally shown not being a HAHA IM THE BEST GRRR HAHA EXPLOSION brainlet
But he hasn't, thus Bakugo is a shit character
when you realize Bakugou is the real self-insert character.
a leader who respects his team
vs a "leader" who doesn't let them decide anything and doesn't even respect them enough to learn their names
he's humble enough to consider that he may get in trouble!
that's common sense anon
Grab it, Todoroki!
still taking bakuchad way of talking this seriously
the only character that would have been interesting seeing lose, or at least struggle, gets a sweep in his favor.
I-I just wouldn't take it seriously.
all their hopes, right now I'm carrying them all
Bakugo
jobbed
they put their faith in me
listen up minions
Jobs to Awase
They guy is getting some development now
guy who has an explosion quirk
able to job to someone whose quirk is to stick things together
Injustice is such a shit show.
Led them to the next round
Led them to the next round
lol take this grenade because I can think ten steps ahead of everyone else
Foresaw and planned around receiving backup if he encountered any trouble. 
it's insulting people try to pass this off as "development".
BROKEN OUT ALMOST INSTANTLY
WTF HE DIDNT DO IT HE IS A JOBBER!!!
Then what the fuck are you doing here?
Dekuck self-inserters
sucking cocks 
Deku and Tamaki is how Hori is in public
Bakugo and Mineta is how Hori is behind closed doors(home and workplace)
Aizawa and Sleepy Fella from license exam is how Hori is while working
without ever picking up
Posts a perfect example of what that anon just said. 
Dekufag who is false flagging
I used to like BnHA
Now I don't
I still like 4chan
tfw this is 4channel now
It's because the fandom or the overall quality of the manga?

We are all newfags again
trusting others is not development.

trusting others is not development.
We are all newfags.
Hori knows my fetish
they're still here and haven't migrated
being on a poster is in canon interest
with the 5 most popular characters on it
Not in his perfect hero form to deliver the final punch like in the OP
Dekuck stuck with his pet piggy
Dekuck self-inserter
Aoyama
scars he made it himself...
not even by his opponents
all this strategic placement
lawman and lawfrog
Kirishima, his beard, Bakusperg and Shouji
Todomomo and literal whos 
Jirous cuckshed and Sero
Team Deku
Jiro between Koda and Kaminari
Implying
boobs smooshed together instead of hanging free
if you break up with them, you still have to constantly see their face in your living space and it is incredibly awkward and nobody wants that.
Why? Because if you break up with them, you still have to constantly see their face in your living space and it is incredibly awkward and nobody wants that.
posts a Bakusero page instead
Mammal'd.com
That face
The sheer orgasmic bliss of being subdued by GODkugou
depressed kid with a birth defect
Is he autistic?
this character development for Bakugou
the literal reason capeshit can never compare to manga
Multiverse
Creativity
cuts fluff and entire detour arcs like yakuza.
Didn't Hori say that the Yakuza needlessly slowed down the story?
give her dick, my boy
taunt to get bodied is a true combo
the last well animated KyoAni anime was nichijou
UGH YOU GUYS! This show is actually taking it's time to develop it's story and world. How generic and cookie cutter can you get. Why isn't everything super amazeballs crazy from the very first second. I don't want to invest in shit.
amazeballs
jedi bullet deflection
the bad guy is darth vader
sci fi with blasters
the self insert's sister wants to kiss the mc
generic tron girls having a mildly interesting swordfight
she get wet
for him
covering up a continuity error this hard
continuity error
being this new to 4channel.
that 3 stage thrust
Apocrypha episode 22
dex vs str
rotoscoping
rotoscope
blades just bouncing off like they're nothing
good animation
people actually think this looks good
ITT
Fags who don't know about animation legends
literally 95% CG
she forgives him and still visits him in the hospital after this
1988
no computers
Scroll titled "Sword"
Conjures up a large shuriken
homo
3 episodes left 
Please return the homo to the season
the epilogue will add a scene with Eiji and his wife (female)
I guess in a few days we’ll know how much the first volume did sell
The BD's sold around 600 copies while the DVDs didn't even rank
now read again what I said
CGi remake
the "it looks like shit" CGi not the good
see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3EbPPDu45c
thought it was the remake
get hyped 
it was actually a trailer for the mobage animated by Tencent chinks
it will cover the galactic tournament
kisses in heaven official's blessing are important for the plot
Is Kaze ga tsuyoku fuiteru popular enough for dounjins
And MDZS got rid even of slight skinship
sleeping on the same bed, touching and even carrying your "friend" isn't even gay
He touched the tip of that rod, which was almost purplish-red in color and decorated with bulging green veins
actually discussing chinkshit that doesn't have any manga or anime adaptation 
hold hands or rape
that doesn't have any manga or anime adaptation
hakama
dress
that doujin which you always go back and it's still as good as the first read
ch3
they're getting back together in the next chapter
salaryman went crazy over Belial
no eggs
locks the door and gives him a hug
rapey
ywn be rawed by all the men in golden kamuy
tfw had a very convincing dream about Oldseph/Kakyoin a long time ago
be okay with just koito
that's still will never happen
What's everyone going to watch next season?
What the fuck is the point of this sequel anyway
catboi mimi
double baka
taiwanese puppet forum
cute skeleton
love 7SEEDS
wish in vain for anime
anime finally habbening
netflix
GONZO
looks dirt cheap and low effort
looks dirt cheap and low effort
Ash gets kidnapped and abused
Ash gets out again
Ash gets kidnapped again and abused
Ash gets out again
Ash once again gets kidnapped and presumably abused next episode
tfw shit just gets more and more homo between these two
can we all agree that Tsurune is the biggest homo letdown this year?
proving the point
tfw Tsurune is your AOTY but you're also enjoying Kaze to the fullest
Sooooo
tumblr
still getting triggered over filename
appeared for 1 ep
but I enjoy the university setting a lot.
asshole
best boy of the year
better show
Hurr durr we need to make twins
Their astrological sign is a fucking gemini
Also they mirror each other in everything, because that's how twins behave, r-right?
pairing the spares
7777
this animation
It's odd how Kaze is so non-homoerotic, you think with a cast of 10 guys and a female author there would be some nice pairing
tsurunefags
several people actually have tsurune as aoty
LE NIPS posting AND doomposting
YOU CANNOT POSSIBLY ENJOY THIS THING THAT I DON'T LIKE
great visuals
simple but solid story
sympathetic cast
comfy
feel good show
mfw tsurunefags can't fuck off to their own threads
OP mentions Tsurune
people reply to the mention of Tsurune
THIS ISN'T A TSURUNE THREAD WHAT ARE YOU TSURUNEFAGS DOING HERE
Eiji's VA is cancer anyway
not driveby shitposts
shit anime that sells
good anime that sells like shit
haven't cared about K in years
read by chance that this happens in the Memory of Red movie at the 
pair off the MC right away 
get more homo cliches teasing instead
tfw I would have been invested enough in K to check out the prequels if they hadn't pushed his forced rivalry and instead pandered to his feelings for his dead husbando
most of the P5 figures are of Joker
awful animation
awful voice acting
awful adaptation of story time line (allegedly)
awful translations of wn
everyone has the same name
no 20+ years of absorbing cultural references through osmosis so nothing has any significance or aesthetic
"cultivation"
prc made nsfw illegal anyway
everyone has the same name
awful animation
awful voice acting
everyone has the same name
prc made nsfw illegal anyway
new chapter before halloween they said
can't even spell his name right
bought a book on how to win the heart of his crush
the crush is a commie asshole 
Suwabe
not Toriumi 'This One Time I Made Sex Voices As A BL Eroge Protag' Kousuke
obvious crush on older man
stares at his phone because of a text message
all that blushing
checking out naked boys at the bath and then looking away
his nendo included a DSL faceplate
friends with irl homos
right hand grabbing his arm
left hand clasping his hand

homo period fantasy
Surprisingly GK author is married to a woman.
it's rarely sexual
no animated "power exchange" by kissing
anata wo aishiteimasu
MANLY
Touma will never look at like this
2.6 / 5.0, 14 votes
touching 3DPD
184 chapters
TL ends on 21
release frequency: Every 19.1 Day(s) 
https://www.novelupdates.com/series/heaven-officials-blessing/
244 Chapters + 4 Extras (Complete)
translated: 13
settles down and starts a family with his wife Priestess
just fucking gets killed by gobbos
blowing up the moon.
Not going for a Warthog Run ending
You didn't say not to drop a moon on them
How is Goblin Slayer going to end?
Probably crashing the one moon into the other
Much like how his eye glows red when facing against goblins, he'll bring the red moon, his "eye" down at the green moon
he dies while destroying the moon, killing all goblins in the process
this creates a distraction and the Hero finally eliminates all demon lord acolytes
the legend of the Hero is passed down for generations
Goblin Slayer legend only survives in his tiny town in relative obscurity as everybody thinks the moon was Hero's doing
Priestess raises a son in a tiny farm, always helped by a large cast of adventurers
Nobody who dosen't know what happend knows who is the father of a child, who is a natural warrior and magician
kid dosen't know about Tanya the Evil
by this rules Lord of the Rings is isekai
local man blows up moon just because it's green
turn out the green moon was just a small intergalactical goblin outpost
by destroying the moons, earths orbit is suddenly all out of whack
they don't know yet that earth is heading towards goblin homeplanet
the finale ends with GS suicide piloting some ancient space ship into the goblin's home planet
finale
implying it's not a setup for the next season
GS kills! in space!
the dark lord background plot goes somewhere
through raw unbridled autsim slayer helps the heroes beat the evil baddie because he's the faggot making all the gobs
now that the huge threat is dealt with more resources can be dispersed to deal with gobs
rape and edge down 1000%
he is no longer needed
but fuck that these little niggers ain't extinct yet
rides into the sunset with his priestess waifu
Maou
Slime
Overlord
Kobolds up till either 2e or 3e where considered a Goblinoid race
the final gob in the world is an extremely high-level lord
GS successfully wipes out his horde
confronts the big boss goblin, bigger, smarter, and meaner than any other he's faced before
a legendary battle ensues, taking every skill and every ounce of strength in both of them
GS somehow knows this is the last goblin on earth
pulls some crazy shit that he knows will kill him
the two combatants are thrown to opposite sides of the room, mortally wounded
GS watches the goblin lord die, manages to go over to him and stab him just to be sure
falls back against a wall, feeling a sense of satisfaction and peace for the first time since he was a child
the Goblin Slayer has finally completed his great mission, and dies with a smile on his face
"date"
the device to control the moon covers the whole thing
it just happens to look like his helmet
Demon invasion finally occurs and endangers the world
GS is requested to fight for the cause against the Demon Lord to banish him back to the underworld
He refuses and preps for more goblin slaying
Pisses off everyone, his guild, GM girl and eventually even Priestess abandons him to fight the cause
Demon Lord is about to die

Goblin demon starts cleaning up weakened adventurers
Priestess becomes its next target
GS comes in guns blazing to intercept the killing blow, completely decked out in magical equipment from all his saved up gold
Rip and tear.jpg


Underrated post
GS space
he has a tiny lightsaber because big light sabers would hit the spaceship walls
gs literally becomes doomslayer
GS gets progressively more and more healed, which leads to him killing gobs less and less effectively
meanwhile Priestess becomes progressively more and more like GS minus the unmeasurable hate that drove him
GS dies along the way, which sends Priestess over the edge and gives her the resentment she needs to become the next GS
just fucking gets killed by gobbos
Fight scenes, especially without dialogue, don't take long
and it didn't feel like it was a joke everyone is going to hate Elf now LMAO
nothing happens: the episode
half the episode is a fight
other half is wrap up of the arc
finds out that the goblins are controlled by adventure guild for their own benefit
the attack on his village was orchestrated by them too
realizes that in the end, humans are way more evil than goblin
tries to destroy the guild and kill all humans
he dies while destroying the moon, killing all goblins in the process
 "And the legend says he's still up there, still fighting."
The final illustration will be a homage to pic related
implying the strongest adventurer on the frontier can't handle goblins
ok GS-san what do we do now?
of course, we hunt the goblins
fades to black
strongest adventurer on the frontier
humans are the true villains
Why would Lancer take goblin quests anyway?
emoticon
Even without Sorceress that arrow wouldn't have hit him because he saw it coming
Goblin Slayer dies after killing the last goblin
Goblins resurface
Suddenly rumors go around of a revenant who only goes after goblins
implying he won't pull some anime spin with his lance and knock them all out.
Smelling and tasting goblin cum
They skipped the mention of the ruin
LP's sleeves aren't ripped apart
Elf's kick
Confrontation with SM takes place at the same night
Downtime in the carriage
is afraid of goblins
summons goblins directly under her city
Something feels lacking there
scared of goblin
falseflag her own city
yfw your favorite anituber said the rape was fine and that he would have gone even further by making the goblins eat their mothers alive from the inside
white alligator was a guardian spirit from the deity but only tasked to protect the city so it didn't give a fuck about protecting the citizens
gobbos with the mirror and so on were leftovers from the demon lord
SM knew about all of this but she was not directly involved in any of it, she merely let it happen because no one would understand why she can't deal with it herself
sm was raped by goblins
nobody understands her feeling
she placed the mirror and summoned goblins
so people will learn her feeling
gs is ok with it as long as he can kill goblins
I'm not sure who was the one doing the murders then
white alligator
gobbos
SM
click here to learn how archbishops slay thousands of goblins with this one simple miracle, Demon Lords hate them!
expecting someone with PTSD to simply get over their fears and face what's caused them to have ptsd
espically when the PTSD victim is a Woman
Goblin Slayer is an old decrepit man
Final adventure is him all alone as everyone else has moved on after all the Demon and DK were killed by the hero
Peace everywhere and all is well in the world except Goblins still somehow exist
They are pests and nobody cares for them as much anymore
GS arrives at the final nest of gobbos
After a gruelling battle he kills that last goblin and he is starting to pass out from blood loss
Sits down with his back at the wall and he nostalgically looks one last time at the sky
The sky changes colours and there's a field
His ister is there waiting for him
He starts sprinting towards her
He slowly deages and his armour falls from him
We finally see the face of GS as a happy child going towards his older sister
The scenery slowly changes to night-time as he gets closer and the two moons appear
Right before he hugs her he stops because he sees the green moon
He finally understands everything
Quick flashback shots to various adventures and goblin artifacts, stolen magic etc.
His sisters words about how Goblins came from the moon
Goblins are vermin that travel beyond time and space and infest worlds throughout the cosmos to live off
We see GS' Sister horrified
Panning shot that finally reveals what GS's face looks like due to his berserker rage
Illusion disperses
GS's body catches white-bluish flames and they seem to be coming out of his armour
Pure rage and thirst for revenge manage to keep him tied to this reality
GS is now a vengeful wraith that animates his own armour 
GS is essentially just the essentials : an all-terrain armour that can get a hold of anything it can to kill more goblins
GS looks one final time at the moon as he prepares for the future of more Gob Slaying
Pic related is the ending shot
muh anime ruined gs
gate is a lost spell
mirrors with effects are ancient artifacts
The whole fight scene in general felt pretty rushed to be honest
Priestess says she only has 1 miracle
Anime skipped the first fight with the beholder, so she actually only used 1 protection in the anime
GS ask lizardbro to summon a dragontooth warrior and make it protect Priestess with a shield
He doesn't have any shield
literally just copy beserk's troll chapter 1:1
muh Berserk invented it!
comparing chest bursters to small unintelligent monsters that make up for how shitty they are in numbers and abduct women to rape them for reproduction and then the infants eat their way out
shit
that weird boobed blind lady said that goblins have a nest inside her dreams
they're fucking everywhere
how do they do that? 
gotta ask around and seal them off
GS is Doomguy they said
Lot's of gobling killing they said
get very little goblin killing and more ptsd shit

being a weeb revisionist
What do you think the monsters in alien were?
watch the new shitty ayy movies
aliens aren't extremely powerful
ovipositor in the mouth is the same as literally fucking a vegana and inseminating your victims
discussion is about who came up with a certain concept first
"watch the modern movies"

you'd want to refer to the old ones if that was your argument, anon.
wasp = lol squash it
swarm = run nigger run
May Allah have mercy on them
b-but what about goblin lords
The Virgin "Fights Demon Lords that are World Ending Events" vs The Chad "Fights Frontier Sexpests"
vietnamese cockroaches can swarm by the hundreds and bite at your flesh until you bleed out 
 gate is a lost spell
 Any asshole can get a scroll of Town Portal(Atlantis)
oh yeah, let's just run into a wasp hive and smack em to death, should be easy since they're not a tyranosaur
should we get potions, basic necessities for any mission down to rat slaying, and also the goblins rape 75% of us if we fail so better safe than sorry
NAH
it's the people who actually are dealing with the gobs acting like retards who have 0 caution
thus, Goblin Slayer continued his endless crusade against the goblins, giving a few more people peace of mind
party cures GS of his goblin addiction, he goes on some normal adventures, eventually settles down as a guild trainer teaching rookies how to handle goblins and the mortality rate of porcelains drops like an ancient mirror encased in cement
steel team's involuntary orgy.pdf
crashing both moons
with no survivors
it would be extremely painful...
...for the goblins
she and a party killed the Demon Lord
a faction wanting revenge against her set up the mirror, but was killed off(?)
goblins were a part of this faction
to get people to take it seriously, SM tells people that goblins are behind the murders in the town
hires GS to deal with the problem
And what was up with the kick?
los_tiburon.jpg
sir_bearington.jpg
Protection from Arrows A
oh shit Rorschach is here!
Illusion is described as a bitchy loli
And what was up with the kick?
Lizard didn't go full clothes-breaking muscle wizard and just took it out like a fag rather than rip it off the stone wall with pure upper body strength
There and Back Again
and I'm not liking it one bit
weakass beer
mantlet
good goblins
came out of their holes
It was chock full of greatness in the manga, but it just felt flat in the anime
pure
Who cares about Trunks and Goten
Accel
vs magic
at this point of the story
it's back
viz releases
Digital for h-manga since it tends to have lighter censoring
no sera tits
no ecchi
Necromancer
Plate Mail Armor
IP didn't increase
he didn't like the dyson ad show
watches a silly comedy ecchi harem show
complains about the story
ecchi
korean zombie desk car
mfw
I'm watching a sub 
they don't translate the op with subs 
liking a mere emperor 
Kaido and BM don't even look like pirates
nu
seething that law is a water like roger and he is the d of the prophecy and will be the next pk
Most characters don't look like pirates so what's your point?
My point is that old yonkous used to look like real pirates
Whitebeard taller than Kaido
their early silhouettes resembled a real pirate look
2 barely distinguishable shadowy faces
Resembling something as broad as a ''real pirate'' 
thought Kaido would be the most serious and edgy yonkou
turn out to be most fun one
If you look at this shadow blobs with a wacky smile where you can barely distinguish their faces you can see Oda retconned their WHOLE designs
so it fits the goofy-looking designs from nu-OP
Final villain
Dying against an admiral 
Whitebeards devil sized.
Final villain
black beard
Taking silhouettes literally 
7 Mihawks
just wake up
daughter
Back during fishman island they released special coins of one piece characters
The strawhats all got gold coins while other characters got silver
Jinbe was included with the gold coins 
why do the people who really like jinbe constantly act like someone shit in their cornflakes?
implying jinbe isn't dead
Jimmy's soul transferred into Randolph's body
Arlong's banquet organizer
Arlong's party leader
BM can make other animals into homies but not humanoids
How does this work exactly?
making shit up as he goes along
Marguerite were 16 years old 
blackbeard
named after the most famous pirate
literally anti-luffy
D.
not the main villain
minimum 600 chapters left
Oda already out of ideas
imagine being that delusional
the mastermind who rules the world
some fat hobo
Katakuri covers his face and is too protective of his siblings
Smoothie's enthusiasm to squeeze women and drink their juices shows she's lesbian
Cracker hates pain, and in sex both pain and pleasure happens
Snack is no longer Sweet Commander but wears enough clothes for them to be armour 
The Kuja pirates all know haki and shit.
210M bounty
there's someone that doesn't want BB to be the final villain
Literal fodders can use hardening
meanwhile not even half of straw hats can even awake COA 
bounty barely bigger than luffy's
I bet that Momonga and Onigumo are atleast Yonko commander level.
Vergo wasn't even using hardening
fodderized Sanji
no CoO or CoA
hunteratrds
that boi
does he have any idea who this island belongs to
Actually he jobbed worse than all Donquixote Pirates, oneshotted by Law effortlessly.
Low Yonko Commander tier
law
at the same level as Cracker and Jack
When he couldnt even defeat Doflamingo
Law is easily low-Yonko commander tier
Look I am the biggest Cracker fag on this forums
But you guys are underestimating Doffy
antiSanjifags
the same law that got fodderized by doflamingo
"low yc tier"
muh explosion
autistic justice man
pirate that bamboozled entire world
muh law is X tier
Sakazuki
Villain
BB
jobber
fat
disgusting
coward
shit crew of jobbers
b-but m-m-muh stamina
Who's in the cell
Monet beat Luffy
Cesar beat Luffy and Zoro
DBspics here still arguing about "x would win vs y"
low tier yonko commamders are people like Snack and Urogue
I'll rather make random guesses about someone we have 0 clues about, wich makes any guess compleatly worthless
Retards going off on bounties again
you have to be at least Cracker and Jack level to be considered a low tier Yonk comander
Putting Cracker and Jack the Jobber on the same level 
memecases count
What do you do to prove your worth to him?
Nami was the internal captain
he attracted the attention of Alexander Spotswood, the Governor of Virginia. 
job to
Vitually umlimited stamina
High tier endurance, the highest one we have seen since WB
Ancient Zoan that most likely grants him a hybrid form with insane pbysical power
anime filler
He fought Luffy, Law and an Admiral at the same time
job
denial
Mihawk yonkou commander tier
Battled a yonkou on par
powerlevelfaggotry
the bounties are just a value system invented by the Celestial Dragons to rate each other's pirate captain collection
do 0 dmg on Hawkins
get his arm wounded from fucking nails attack 
People still supporting Jack after everything we've seen
get his chest slice in half by surprise attack
still manage to overpowered fat ninja guy who once fight vs Kaido and wound him back 
He is slower than Cracker
His Haki seems to be worse
He is dumber than cracker
fought shanks, the weakest of the yonkou
Jack has not shown his hybrid form, which is a Zoan user's strongest form
people are still spouting this headcanon meme
oh no, he got slice'd by one of the three most powerful samurai in wano
shanks weakest yonko 
when he stopped kaido and appeared at marineford without a scratch
Dumber than the guy that got angry and got one shotted because of his tantrum?! I really doubt that
Hybrid form isn't the strongest form of a zoan user
when your sis has a better taste than you
Weakest
Yonkou without DF
Has respect of every major power in the world
still mad that his edgy character job to 320 million bounty
still mad that his edgy character job to 320 million bounty
Cracker was show to be faster than Doffy
Jack is dumb for attacking 2 admirals
Cracker is a genius for hiding his identity
he still cope this hard 
be active for at least 25 years
cap your bounty at 210 million
those timestamps
only proper pirate in the series
lied,cheated,stolen,backstabbed,plotted his way out of mediocrity
one of the greatest debuts in anime history
one of the greatest speeches in anime history
fantastic design, looks like your typical 2-page guy jobbing against some edgelord/bishonen faggot
ends up being the main villain
fantastic personality
fantastic ship/crew
intelligent but flawed, brave but cowardly
not your typical bishie perfect faggot villain
real underdog, fights like a MC
did 0 dmg
wound zolo in the arm
Win D. Ows Vista
Based on what?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Every
Jack the drought
sanji gets bullied by a bunch of headliners and cries
forced to use his raid suit
is actually reiju's dress
bullied even more
Sanji defeats Queen with okama kempo
big mom is in fact large
Sanji defeating anyone relevant
Naruto
proper villain
three separate times they just made up a new villain to keep the fighting going
Bleach 
proper villain
'haha im actually a god guy and was always there LOL' 
gets fired and has to make up a random ass ending as damage control
does a shipping ending to spite his fans
sanji one shotted sheepshead
sanjifags believe this
implying that Burgess won't get devil fruit
any One Piece character
looking like "real' pirates
akainu
an ally
ever
the man who killed Asce
his last relevant fight was on TB
Sanji
becoming stronger than Jinbei
Oda like the monster trio deal with it
that's literally the only reason why Jinbei left on WCI
that would Ennies Lobby vs Jyabura
sanji showing dominance since the very beginning of the fight
"wait no bro trust me i'm nico robin's little brother"
"lol no"
sanji diable jambes his ass for one last time
you can't even read the chapter probably and you expect me to treat you serious
He fodderized Sanji and low-diffed Smoker.
Treating posts made by powerlevel retards seriously
Japanse think about it as comedy gold
what is resting after battle
what is recovering
Jinbei is death
Jinbei and then Absa
tfw timezones
first Christmas on 4channel
dropbox
tfw all your life girls were repulsed by you
Coach Kamogawa's va didn't live long enough to see Ippo job in his comeback fight
"I knocked his head clean off it's sockets with the power of a jet engine, are you really gonna start counting?"
no Texhnolyze
CCA is easily the best Gundam
DYRL is not sci-fi
Not him but CCA is definitely not the best Gundam
Zeta
MSG
Turn A
00
IBO
08th
00
08th
Crusher Joe
Macross
has watched CJ but not freaking Macross
not going out of your way to avoid watching anything too popular
there were many unnecessary stuff like quess
magic and fantasy
DYRL is shit
Trust me, I am an expert.
IBO over CCA
he still hasn't watched G-savior
zoomer who's watched like 5 gundam shows posts his OC
Shit chart
but it does have serious pacing issues
IBO was great
cheap 70s animation
How so?
lol I don't know I just don't like it but if I were to just say that people wouldn't pay attention to me haha
IBO was great
I wouldn't call it shit, but it does have serious pacing issues and I didn't care for the music.
Pacing issues maybe, because compressing a 36 episode TV series into a movie is fucking hard
IBO was great
didn't like CCA or Gunbuster
but likes RSF
VOTOMS The Last Red Shoulder was CCA and DYRL done better
IBO was great
(it's unconfirmed if she's seen AGE or Stargazer)
remembers she did review Age and rather poorly
No LoGH included
"b-b-but only plot and characters matter in stories you guys!"
tfw 80s sci-fi craze will never come back
Monsha
Honneamise
fantasy
DYRL is shit and not sci-fi
cyperpunk isn't a subgenre of scifi
it rejects many scifi conventions
Fantasy doesn't necessarily mean supernatural or magic shit
GitS isn't /m/ core enough
Rape the goblina, goblin slayer.
Dabbed on
Sister
Assumed Frontrunner 
Dark Horse 
mangafox changed the website to some "everyone is doing this so are we" template, now i can't keep track of manga releases
mangafox
Our group of little girls is going to raid a MASSIVE goblin den. There is our van.
mangafox
mangafox
Cowgirl
Guild Girl
Sword Maiden
mangafox
Now it's too late for her.
implying this shit is ending in any other way then GS turning the moon into a rocket and riding it into the sun to kill all goblins.
GS is robotic and only talks about guild stuff.
Generally super awkward
Opens out a little close to the end, but only because Priestess' dance moved his heart (does GG realize this?)
Some rhea nigga tries to kill her
Ahead
When, without even trying, pic related advance equivalent in years in just some months
Her "date" with him was more date than what CG and GG will get
mangafox
CG would feel terrible
GG doesn't know how to rape an autist
SM can't make him hard 
 I am ejaculate
 Yes! My cumming is harder!
go killing goblins fasterly
 shit english
yfw gg wins da goblins layer
I need armor to defend goblin
crazy thisty lady that sends young adventurers to their doom for her sexual fantasies
best
GG just did her job
dumb kids get themselves killed
somehow it's my fault
Copy that
You should not be wirrying about goblins now. I am a gold ranked adventurer after all
medieval inspired world
Modern underwear
mangafox
native isekai
Native isekai
native isekai
mangafox
The miracle of sexual intercourse blah blah... If a man has sex with a virgin maiden and cums inside while under this blessing both parties will be granted a permanent increase in abilities.
Would you like to participate?
Please allow me to participate!
I'm in!
Yes~
Of course!
...
If it'll let me slay more goblins
I don't mind.
SM Cucks herself
Guild girl and elf
virgins
some shitter autist who barely speak and has severe mental illness somehow attracts all the girls in the universe
Such obvious falseflagging 
GS fags still fall for it 
is GS autistic enough to-
can see HEA's slit
Mangafox 
check out spider manga
it's an isekai about being transformed into something after dying and choosing from a list of rpg skills suggested by some mysterious voice
check out slime manga
it's an isekai about being transformed into something after dying and choosing from a list of rpg skills suggested by some mysterious voice
check out loli vampire manga
it's an isekai about being transformed into something after dying and choosing from a list of rpg skills suggested by some mysterious voice
GG after learning about Priestess's relationship to GS
hard work for you...
reading comprehension
more drunk elf action
elf whining about GS's autism
that SEETHING Lancer
takiyomi on android
cow tits probably hasn't seen him out of armour since the event
mangafox
skinny twink
brown hair
native isekai
If it'll let me slay more goblins
I don't mind.
d what the fuck am i supposed to do now?
cow tits probably hasn't seen him out of armour since the event
Why does Spearman even... like such an immature... girl when he could have a... busty waifu like me, no?
fantasy canon fags
ripping off a disney movie
For both of us
losers drinking together
last episode of GS
Vrv/Crunchyroll shit the bed in comments about GS sleeping with Maiden and Priestess
that constant SJW nonsense thrown everywhere
 mention he probably got necrophilia'd by Maiden while Priestess watched in horror for resurrection for maximum NTR'd.
mfw
best girls drinking together
gets all dolled up
works up courage to ask
spends time picking out what best to wear
even underwear
spends whole evening with him, her hopes, her being elated
"Goblin Slayer, I-"
"No thanks. Not interested." 
archer (almost) going "is that so"
mfw she gets raped
tomboy
childhood friend
tjinking someone is going to win
if gobs steal your panda have it walk into a river 
lewding Priestess
Best girl
spirited
started reading this manga because everyone here was wanking it
it just basic haremshit wish fulfilment
Hold hands all the time
Have slept and cuddled together while naked
The two of them go camping out of town on a weekly basis
No Sword Maiden mouse pad
No Cow Girl mouse pade
no sorceress mouse pad
No goblin mouse pad
No priestess
better
elf wearing underwear at all
never breaks character
GG is a better CG
CG is a worse Pr
not wanting to impregnate her and then raise your child with her while having a quiet farm life.
SM can't make him hard
implying a high ranked caster doesn't know petrify
school elf
tfw just want to be bullied and insulted by mai
Peach advertising a peach.
plain girl 
giant breasted cutie 
mai still hasn't gotten raped
guy
pretend 
she didn't force him to watch or jerk off to it.
and it's the first time a "handsome" guy was interested in her
She was still actively engaging in it and enjoying the hell out of it
If whoever that is
Or it will come out 
Hey everyone look how normal I am!
getting a girlfriend 
those that rant
don't
janitors deleted one of the pages 
childhood friend falling for a bully she knows beats the shit out of her childhood friend
is apparantly unfazed about seeing her childhood friend beaten up and then getting fucked in front of him
Is also unfazed with bully blatantly using her as a tool to torment childhood friend
Guy jerks off rather than fighting or running away
This is fucking retarded.
this many posters for a shit manga with a solid artist
sister
There's nothing realistic about it at all
The Violence action
Candy and Cigerettes
Alice in Hell(also edgy but more competent)
Women stop cheating somewhere in their late 20's
Women stop cheating somewhere in their late 20
the entire school found out and I was laughed at, even by the teachers
tfw NTR shit destroyed my view of relationships forever
I know NTR is unrealistic
And lifelong relationships aren't so fickle that they shatter on a dime.
common
Literally a society
In a manga
get a quick and easy shotgun blast of emotions
The childhood friend actually always thought the guy was super pathetic and didn't want anything to do with him
raws said she didn't like her childhood friend at all but put up with him because she thinks she's ugly
Women stop cheating somewhere in their late 20's
Women stop cheating somewhere in their late 20's
thinking NTR and/or cheating is the norm in 3dpd relationships
seishun pop
Anyone ever tell you that you're a bit too much of a pessimist
Stacy
and mangaka
Many people would rather be with someone they think is beneath them rather than be alone
the artist to this edgy violent smut is also the author and artist of one of the best vanilla tomboy tall girl romance hentai manga stories
be a fag
get NTR'd
I don't think any other culture seems half as obsessed.
Ok, what on earth is up with the prevalence of NTR in Japanese media?
An entire middle school was raped and murdered
Unless she's a literal sociopath
female artist
makes an entire dream where she and rikka are bffs again
rikka still rejects her
nobody cared about Cybots
they have one of the biggest impacts in the show
gives Utsumi the otaku GF he dreamed of
still rejected
have to wait 3 hours for subs
offered a world where it would just be her and rikka
rikka goes no way fag
slowpoke.jpg
rightfully
mfw moralfag appears
B-but killing NPC is bad!
gets triple rejected and wants to fucking kill herself
can't even do that because daddy Alexis is the actual god
makes a dream sequence where she lives out Rikka's roles 
Dream Yuta doesn't want anything to do with her
Dream Utsumi doesn't want anything to do with her
Try to kill self
Fails
Even Anti abandoned her 
Literally wants to be Rikka
Makes Rikka unable to hate her because of it
Dreams of living out Rikka's life
Still doesn't have the friends and happiness Rikka has
nobody cares about utsumi's dream
this episode basically confirmed that Akane will win the Yutabowl
/ourguy/ 
actually a casual
not accepting qt otaku gf
man gets most depressing blowjob ever
AI should have human rights, too
Gridman literally ripped your dream apart wwith his bare hands
It's ok to act like a psycho because they aren't real.
NPC is coded in one way by Akane
Gridman codes them in another way
mmmm oishii~
what is catharsis
character is a girl
you only like her because of her tits
it was terrible
giant x between two characters separating the two
people can't like villains
another shit episode
YutaxAkane gets more screen time and interaction together throughout the whole show than YutaxRikka and AkanexRikka.
he didn't preorder the Akane watch after watching episode 9 
lame-ass watches
versus a cool Primal Acceptor
two characters who have a backstory that's tied together get a lot of interaction
npc lives 
mattering
all those retard EOP acting like they already watched the episode
ESLfag calling anyone an EOP
Trigger is plagiarizing again
Gehrman created doll 
No one wants you
No one needs you
Why even bother living
They all hate you
tfw lose again
Want love and affection
Doesn't do anything to earn it
Should I watch this show?
Those milkers

/u/ shit
9 losses is a lot
shit anime
shit threads
The episode was literally about shipping
9 losses
9 episodes
Is this your first motw?
he's still posting this every thread
anyone believing any type of yuri romance is happening is retarded.
this
ugly
keep blushing for Akane
starting a fight with a strawberry
inb4 someone pulls up those misleading translations
Loser
There are so many shit posting material in this episode.
You don't see this kind of art boom in any show with just female interaction.
to anybody who actually watches the episode and knows the context, it'll look stupid.
he's still posting this every thread
Everyone else's dream is set after October
Rikka's dream is set in April
Akane wants to go to the sea with Rikka 
dusk
doesn't blush around Yuta at all even while claiming to be his girlfriend
blushes around Rikka
doesn't blush around Yuta at all 
"First, I want to give Gridman a hard time"
because you don't even speak Japanese
yurifags seething again
ou're literally trying to use a bunch of random tweets on fucking Twitter are proof of something
so much shipping fanservice
nice episode delving into each main character
thread is about shipping and nonexistent yuri
t. didn't watch the episode
Fire Emblem Awakening.png
Kys
Hetfag
muh texture lines
replying to the same post thrice
has no actual fan art to post
constantly has to repost crops of porn
I guess a character only blushes when it's convenient to you
this episode pretty much confirms that Yuta and Rikka held hands.
....
LOL
blushing is when cheeks actually turn red
screeching about how saying this makes someone a lunatic
..... 
LOL
started from October,
telling someone who is clearly not form here to fuck off is falseflagging
playing stupid
using uTorrent
stalled at 99.0%
replaced Rikka with Akane
Akane is sweet and helpful when Rikka can't even be bothered to Yuta to the hospital
Akane switches herself with Rikka
say she's Yuta's girlfriend
the same post on the three threads
I don't know what a delusional shipperfag anyone needs to be to see anything yuri-related
got blown the fuck out in every dream
ACK is the only retarded yurifag
The way she casually hits the ground and slams herself into a fence in frustration 
another shit episode
when you'r high off your ass and someone unexpectedly bursts into your room
what the fuck son, why cant you be more like your half breed brother
another shit episode
Watching this shit unironically
 enimog 9th anniversary
 7 hours of WILDPARTY 
 anison index
edition
Pa's kam system
Protip: 店長 (Tenchou) means shop manager
edition
he doesn't know the protip meme
May was easily the best
Porter
tfw it's been a year
felt like it was just last week where I watched the countdown
Not only because I was there
1 unread message
hurr anime ja nai
omae wa mo shindeiru.
omae wo shindeiru
nani
squeaky chair
chair
not the based bed
chair
bed
not door
door
playing into Okada's game
please select all the images with motercycles
alice to zouroku
6
9
tfw its already December
It's 2011 + 8 next year
tfw it's already a year
still haven't learned japanese
not going to Japan for the rugby world cup and to go hard as fuck at Mogra
KLK was 4 years ago
4 years
OP was bad
いてできます！
Matrix
not vastly improving the whole day
mogra
wasting time
no spyce yet
Avatar
dark and cold outside
nice ambient lighting and warm inside
fresh cup of tea and tasty bowl of porridge for pre-dinner snack
anison matrix on in the background
Sky wizards ED
caring about 3d girls
art club
that subtle as fuck Kinmoza insert
not using 4chanx
dragons
hiraiface
SEED
Official Twitch Discord edition
1st DECEMBER 
ORENJI 
teenage girl saying "What?"
black man yelling "What?!"
door squeaks 
bubble pops
"Hey! Hey! Hey!" in the bg
tfw you can't discuss this show anymore without schizos attacking the threads
SoraYori into Ameagari
Not the ED.
that excel schedule
[C] in 2018.
[C] into Blood C.
C -
Brainlets don't even understand the series
another flatshi
Louise
not perfect
Kaos
No bully
still no spyce OP
only 45 min left
no KIMI NO SEI yet
Yuri on ice
its yaoi
That dumb lesbian show was a Kirara show?
when you're such a shit you break Mogra
no KIMI NO SEI yet
EKKISEIT
page 9
ASSFAGGOTS AGAIN
again
this gookshit AGAIN
gookshit
Justice's D.A.N.C.E.
some vidya shit
SHERYL IS THE BEST GIRL MACROSS GIRL
KIMI NO SEI
KIMI NO SEI
DAYS OF DASH INTO KIMI NO SEI 
top 10 anime reveals
days of dash and Kimi no sei
he hasn't caught fish in space
there's only ~20 min left
implying Riding Bean isnt superior
implying Alien Nine wasn't better
Popular:
Not as popular:
Soul: Patlabor
Soulless: anything by Shirow Masamune
mfw she wasn't actually the first GS went to
there were literally millions before her
Hey, you know everything, don't you!! A-ha!
Oh, you don't? Nevermind. Carry on.
ITT: characters that did nothing wrong
she didn't deserve this.
Chinaslut
pure
she didn't deserve this
hero of justice
cagers
vlc
I don't see a problem with falling in love with a 12 year old girl!
western anime journalists would take every opportunity to defend this retard
then it turned out he's the physical embodiment of everything they hate
I'm a NEET and my parents told me to get a job or they'll kick me out of the house and sell my anime figurines so I applied for an entry level position at a local real estate agency but to my surprise I discovered that the entire 100+ staff consists of women between the ages of 25 and 40 who desperately want to be impregnated but can't find a man because of the long hours they spend in the workplace and I seem to be just their type????!!!!
not sure if rated or ranked
8 hours a day
watching an anime about going to work
american shit
then why is there school anime?
8
going out for drinks with the boss every day
The hardass president who expects as much from her employees as she expects from herself (a lot)
The gentle, motherly esque vice-president who compensates for the president's attitude (the two may be childhood friends)
The genki department chief who's kind of a tomboy
The recovering NEET codemonkey who'd rather be at home playing vidya
The cool beauty onee-san who's kind of a tease
after school as a japanese you have to work for over 12 hour per day then sleeping and this everyday
Sounds like life in the west to me
What is the purpose of this?
More office
Anime
I'm a NEET and my parents told me to get a job or they'll kick me out of the house
 So hey Bill what does um... what's his name... Anon? What's he up to nowadays?
 Oh yeah, we kicked him out of the house and now he sucks cocks for a living. Ain't I a great parent?
Office
Are my parents proud?
Best production value in the business
waste it on shows that don’t need it/mediocre concepts
top
rest
soulless
soul
soulless
soul
Can basically be traced
/v/ meme
one out of 50 episodes maybe has a 1-2 minutes worth of sakuga 
Boruto has Sakuga basically every episode
Ep 65 is a full episode Sakuga
Kyoani
Above BONES
OPM
Not BONES
The sequence used is also done by WIT's flagship animator
ufo
Sakuga
kyoaniggers
iPhone
WE LIVE IN A FAST-FOOD SOCIETY
2nd to last cover
main heroine tries to push second heroine whom MC doesn't feel or think about in the same vein as said main heroine
Did yui won??
tfw literally me but zero female friends 
I love it and it's MC
4channel.org
says 4chan twice on the banner itself
literally mfw my meme pic is being posted and it's causing butthurt
Who paid for this shit?
Tfw no more Tearju
too big
Made an action series with Black Cat (the only one he wrote himself, indicating that he wanted to go that route)
It does well
Decide to do ecchi
Now that's what everybody wants you to draw
You can't even go back to action unless someone sees exposed nips
we will never see yabuki's hidden tlr hmanga 
leaving off the best page
To Love-Ru 
literlly heart-shaped
Upon Black Cats ending, Yabuki expressed desire to make a sequel from the series
Too big and scary for anons.
167 cm tall
Big
Rito involved
Less tits
Also implying most readers would be fine with seeing less of their waifu while Rito visits random places with Train
help I've never seen a naked female
Not a lot
tfw no Mikado mommy gf

The Girl Who Leapt Through Time
Summer Wars
Wolf Children
The Boy and the Beast
Mirai
Ode to Joy
tfw even official tls stopped
full-fan translation of the anime
girl
weee weee weee me no like Berserk wee
weee weee art bad weeee 
weee weee Miura make Berserk NOW NOW NOW babby want manga weee weee
HURR I have a soul I'm not a doll DURR
They wouldn't fight back if you raped them
thinking its romantic
impersonating avatarfags to shitpost
pope who got blasted this episode is stronger than accel
This anime episode
just got done doing a near 1:1 of material
guise this this and this will totally be cut
we're not getting Birdway's introduction animated before Touma leaves for Brexit
Only the sounds of pounding meat echoed through Academy City.
character select: Touma
hidden dorm manager route
h scene
you have three options when in the climax
inside
inside
inside
are you really a church of the cross follower
Othinus without Gungnir is seaker than Accel
It hurt to think that her words, her smile, and her mannerisms would never be directed towards him again.
It hurt to think that the memories of that week would easily be wiped clean by someone else as if a reset button was being pressed.
Just thinking of the possibility caused a great pain in the most precious and the kindest part of his heart.
I've masterbated to you before.
you smell different when you’re awake
Filename
still watching this terrible adaption
try to fap to Index
she notices and bites you
fukou da
(I finally manage to leave St. George Cathedral, and this boatman doesn’t know the mood and wants to talk about work.)
Laying down on the boat, Lola flipped her body around to a position where she was unable to see the boatman.
In the end, the boatman could only guess based on what he saw.
There was a tinge of loneliness in Lola Stuart’s voice.
Watching one entire episode at once
They want sausage
marathoned the first episode
 skipped the first Railgun enterily because of how boring it was
i wouldnt be here if it wasnt for Mikoto
All of Index was a borefest until NT18
I wouldnt be here if it wasnt for Mikoto
more op
Getting murdered was a blessing
there are people who want to marry Kanzaki
Crunchy doesn't translate the japanese text literally on the screen when Acqua is chanting 
I impregnated Othinus
Touma having the money for a Switch
still no new raildex manga spin-off announcement after Idol Accel ended
It is really cold of him to tell her to fuck off.
Touma holding on to Acqua's mace after negating his attack
What is he whispering in her ear?
I'm telling you the actual reason why it looks bad.
not enough focus or relevance given to the actual Index.
Index
revelance
2 different shows
Getting real tired of Index feeling like 2 different shows every other week
not enough focus or relevance given to the actual Index
even the BD special has no budget
he doesn't know about Misaka riding old Touma who is stuck in the AAA theory
dinosaur fossils
the last time we see Index in her all her sexual glory
no novel where Index is temporarily aged up
“I will shatter every last phase and put an end to all mysticism. Itcanbe helped and we need not restrain our tears and bite our lip when faced with tragedy. I will bring back the pure world in which everyone can feel anger like normal and question it all like normal!!”
I will bring back the pure world in which everyone can feel anger like normal and question it all like normal!!”
There are certainly many people who feel anger and question all the bullshit
There are certainly many people who feel anger and question all the bullshit that's happened to them as a result of AC and Aleister's actions.
https://my.mixtape.moe/mxahek.ass
hates Christianity
hates magic
keeps absorbing magic recoil, mirroring Jesus taking upon himself the sins of humanity
ends up literally embodying Jesus through magic
virus
Estelle
science
keeps absorbing magic recoil, mirroring Jesus taking upon himself the sins of humanity
Mecha, Scavengers, Anti-Skill rebels
not science
William-sama to Sir William
https://my.mixtape.moe/wcjpwc.ass
https://my.mixtape.moe/kbdewg.ass
I shit in your hat
Takitsubovision
that first panel
Is Railgun better?
that tsuchimikado x touma
Accel
OG Kakine
DM Kakine
Mikoto
Mugino
Misaki
#6
Gunha
also Othinus is the permanent Toumabowl winner.
Insta-loss due to being a retard. 
raildex 8
 there weren't any fucking translations. Are there now?
What's the correct read order?
I think there are mangas and shit out there now...
the guy that keeps winning against me and defeated the monster I couldn't beat is running away from this strange fellow
I know! I definitely can take him on!
Accel can't deflect magic*
He’s deflected magic before in WWIII, but it produced a strange result afterwards
 Kamachi plans things well in advance.
he doesn't know
 he actually thinks NT proves that claim
He STILL doesn't know
she would lose badly to any GRS, gremlin, or GD member.
Precedence : Metal Lower!
Gets shocked by electricity
he's falling from great heights
at a really slow pace
skipped NT4
he doesn't know about the cipher
Anon Raildex
but fucking hell the negativity Is something else here.
yfw Nagai goes full iron blooded orphans
Honestly, if I knew that Index III would be a rushed production mess, I'd rather have it never happened or give it to a more organized and competent staff.
since Railgun and accel anime will also suffer the same 
That being said I have seen quite a few elevens on Twitter claiming that NT needs to look a lot better, or not happen at all, so hopefully the producers don't actually think these shitty action scenes are passable or acceptable.
More like delay the Toaru project to 2020 and 2021
with the broadcasting* companies.
Railgun? LMAO NOPE
I'd rather have it never happened
Railgun? LMAO NOPE.
covers 90% of material despite obvious production constraints
The idea of Dream Ranker being better animated than Daihaiseisai actually angers me.
So based on the fact that Railgun will air on fall 2019 and Accel a little before that
and Accel a little before that
wah wah, please don't say bad things about the anime with my waifu misaka
wah wah, please stop talking about anime other than railgun
wah wah, I don't like Index so you shouldn't like it too
Literally said in my post that I'm really upset bout Index III failing
Also upset about Accel potentially being a rushed production too
Wuaaaaaaaah, fuck off Railgunfag
Index III crashing and burning
I want your fucking show to get shit on relentlessly and be picked apart frame by fucking frame and compared to everything else this season and if it isnt the top sold thing of the season then it will immediately be salesposted into oblivion as a flop, logic and actual truth be damned. I want you to be miserable.
No. Please no.
who always look at he franchise as a whole*
Index I and II hit quality, but never to this extent
Nah, It's not burning. It's selling fucking fine and its fucking decent and we have multiple anime coming up, we are doing fine everywhere but on these fucking threads. Fucking jojo looks worse and sells worse this season yet threads are 10 times more civil and they arent drowning in shitposters despite having a way bigger western presence. They are having FUN.
we could hope Miki is going apeshit over the treatment it is getting atm.
produced nearly a decade after season 2
I don't really think that the anime staff actually gives many fucks
page 10
you realised something that everyone else did immediately
deconstruction
https://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-feature/2018/11/27-1/composer-kevin-penkin-on-symphonic-metal-and-flamenco-music-influences-in-the-rising-of-the-shield-hero-and-more
DBZ with mahjong
watched 3 episodes and didnt know what the fuck was going on
adapting an IP the vast majority of people moved past over a decade ago
Haruhi S3 happens nobody will care either.
将が瞳美を呼び止める
different resolution
jpg
Character says : senpai
subs says : yamabuki
hitomi made a joke
nigga confessed
nigga got rejected
and beautiful backgrounds
9 episodes in
he's still waiting for a plot and likeable cast members
he watches this for the plot
nobody confessed to this jizz wiz
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
everybody dropped this show
24 IPs
melodrama
nobody wanted to fug granny
granny is still a virgin despite spending time in London with sluts
mage
model figure
shy and fragile
REEEEEEEEE
her face when you confess
confess to girl
she runs away in panic as if she was about to get raped
Drama is ressolved within one episode.
Nah, I want to extend it to another chapter.
tfw the girl you have a crush on chooses your friend because she subconsciously used magic on herself to see colors in his artworks and thinks it was his doing
Asagi is worst girl confirmed, she deserves to be cucked by some random harlot.
They even lost the chance for orange guy to relate to Hitomi on how he yearns to see the world in monochrome and how its pretty much a curse for her
 More anime should show couples being together instead of the process leading there
 with forced drama and misunderstandings thrown in
boohoo I'm too angsty to confess and therefore making myself more angsty 
Select all images with traffic lights.
tfw your sole existence (that wasnt meant to be) single handely destroys the dynamic of a group of friends
 I don't think we'll get that kind of happy ending
irowhore a shit
mai a shit
shitzuka a shit
[autistic screeching]
Soulless normalfags would inevitably rob them of their individuality
Why is a confession always the end goal?
love polygon drama out of nowhere
Hitomi and Yuito want to fuck each other
Kohaku and Yuito's mom want Hitomi and Yuito to fuck each other
Shou wants to fuck Hitomi
Asagi wants to fuck Shou
Chigusa wants to fuck Kurumi, she wants to fuck him too but won't admit it
out of nowhere
only watching this and Boarding school juliet on fridays
watch this first, feels
watch boarding school juliet
not prepared for tone shift, ruins episode 
Y-yeah, I don't care whatever happens with them.
and talked about "the feeling is real or not", I got my "oh shit, here we go" face
Hitomi was sent back in time just to make Asagi suffer
oh god damn it I knew this kind of shit would happen at some point
when you realize you are just the childhood friend

Last episode
Hitomi and Aoi just confessed and colors are returning to Hitomi
All is well
Suddenly time magic runs out
BAM in an instant Hitomi is in the bus going back to the future
super sad beacuse just confessed to Aoi
Arrives in the future, at some point finds a children picture book Aoi made that contained all his feelings for Hitomi
there isn't gonna be enough episodes to show Kohaku breaking into a blushing mess with grandpa
in an instant Hitomi is in the bus going back to the future
they confessed
 hitomi happily skipping into the tram to go home
thinking she is going to tell granny about this happy news
the magic bus man is on the tram driver seat.
the nicest girl suffers the most
moot
romance has been very mild and in the background for most of the series
suddenly the love triangle comes out into the forefront, a date gets set up, and one of the guy's moms tells him to get the girl before she gets snatched away
all in the first 5 minutes of the episode
suffers
freely
everyone else is moping around like generic romantic drama faggot characters saying stupid shit like "I'm not worthy of liking someone, or being liked" and "I spent my entire life being in love with someone and thinking about them nonstop but I never said anything"
senpai just asks the girl out, takes the rejection like a champ, yells a bit to blow off steam and gets on with his life
Kurumi and Chigusa want to fuck each other, but they're both too tsundere to accept it.
animation differences
points to still images
grandma reacting to her grand-daughter's romantic highschool drama
mature, sexy looking Hitomi
returns to future
finds out he's waited all this time for her
JK Hitomi gets banged by a 75 year old man
be Aoi
dadless
you know art wont give you enough money to earn a living unless you draw furry porn
blocked lately, better drop art as a whole
angel from the future tells you to keep on drawing even tho it was a pretty hard decision to leave it
Shark was the only redeeming quality of this complete waste of show
that height gap
and good only for ryona
Selesia on her tippy toes
obviously guilty of creating Altair
doesn't say anything because muh shame or whatever, endangering everyone
also has no personality in general
Alice and Mamika have a 20+ centimeters gap
That's all
Don't worry Nino,onee-san will ask Fuutarou to practice on how to kiss you eventually tehee
一花は風太郎にキスの練習を持ちかける(多分女優関係)
Nino sent letter to meet Fuutarou at the bell
Papakano appear instead
Ichika kneeling on floor
Onee-san isn't a back stabber
Onee-san is trustworthy
Nino won't fall for Ichika scheme they said
m-muh backstabbing
Negi is going to use Ichika to end Nino's momentum
Ichika end Nino
but also crash herself in the process
Yotsuba would give you bad advice
Itsuki would eat all your love flags
posting a Google translated Chinese spoiler
二乃は一花を使ってキスの練習をしようと迫るが一花が全力拒否
She will sabotage everyone's chance and when there's no other competition, she will automatically be the winner
一花が廊下でパパと爺さんを見張ることになる
Nino doesn't know Ichika knows the confession, so she talks about herself without telling she loves Fuutarou.
I want to ask a thing~ If someone was confessed, will he be conscious of her a bit?
...... It's from my experience though... ...Sorry, such thing didn't happen to me.
Stop it now, Ichika hopes so, but Nino push her more.
When I realize my prince charming is him, I couldn't stop myself anymore.
...Oh
So falling in love... Isn't it really good?
No matter what Ichika says, Nino doesn't give up for her happiness.
B but! What if someone loves same person? If that girl loves her more than I do?
That's... yeah. Sorry, but I want to achieve it even if I have to push her out. I think so.
(S-she doesn't stop. It's the runaway train of love!! She doesn't listen to me! Even if she asked my advice!)
A train with Nino's winking face runs back of Ichika.
Nino thinks she need more than just confession, so she trys more physical contact. If it won't work, she'll kiss him.
T that's not good! Suddenly kissing is...
O of course. I should think calmly... If I do it poorly he'll hate me.
Nino asked a practice for kiss with Ichika, but Ichika rejected it.
Meanwhile, while Miku Yotsuba Itsuki is playing at beach, Ichika and Nino came to them.
Grandpa is fishing with Fuutarou somewhere near from there.
Nino? Hmm, so she came too.
Ichika?...
Grandpa said Those two came right now is Ichika and Nino, and that's Miku and that's Yotsuba.
He teaches it to Fuutarou but Fuutarou doesn't know.
Let's put aside the quintuplet game, but can he reveal the fake Itsuki through the wounded leg?
While he thinks such thing, the quints came to Fuutarou. Grandpa's box is full of all kinds of fishes. But it looks all same to the quints.
This?
Ahh it's... it's a kiss(Fish's name)
Nino reacts to that word and aims Fuutarou... but
Not now. I can't expect the result with Itsuki's appearance.
Seeing grandpa is pointing at big fish and everybody focuses on it, Ichika sighs and her leg aches.
Hey, hold on.
Fuutarou supports one of Itsukis before she collapses.
Sorry, I'll ask you a favor. I hurted my leg yesterday.
I got fake Itsuki! Fuutarou took her to the back of bus.
Who are you?
Oh... it's strange.
Nino followed Fuutarou so Ichika hugged Fuutarou to her boobs to hide him, without thinking.
What are you thinking?
Sorry(Why am I always... even if I know it's bad thing...)
Ugg... Just say who you are.
(Oh... you don't know who am I.) Then... (Maybe I don't have to think such pesky things.)
Fuutarou's eyes are like being attacked by mass murderer, and Ichika's eyes approach to him...
But Nino came close to them, so Fuutarou fall to the sea before Nino sees him.
That night, Nino came out from the inn to meet Fuutarou, so Ichika watches Papa and Grandpa at the corridor.
(Nino is meeting Fuutarou-kun secretly. And maybe... they kiss...)
I have no right and chance to interfere...
Ichika crouches, nurshing her knees. Yotsuba, who is going to the toilet, finds her. She almost just pass her but
......
What's wronf, Ichika.
She crouches in front of Ichika, who is kn the verge of crying.
Don't cry.
Nino waits for Fuutarou at the bell but he doesn't come. She wonders did he read the letter at his room?
Nino hears someone's footsteb, but it is Papa Nakano.
Nino, coming out this late. I'm not very amused.
Ichika why you let Papa find me?
M-Miku told me to do it

S-she doesn't stop. It's the runaway train of love!! She doesn't listen to me! Even if she asked my advice!
Nino asked a practice for kiss with Ichika, but Ichika rejected it
A train with Nino's winking face runs back of Ichika.
Grandpa is fishing with Fuutarou somewhere near from there.
nino doesn't take Ichika's advie
Ichika is innocent
Like there's a huge separation between being in denial of your feelings and working your ass off for 3-4 months to casually do the best on your final exams and sabotage your sister's plans, yknow?
 pic related was a sign from negi about ichika's rise as the antagonist
Ask for Advice
Don't listen
Nino pressed X before the option even showed up
Fuutarou is late
Papa Nakano comes
They have an argument
Nino's train of sincere love rolls over Papa
Fuutarou was close and heard everything
/a/ tries to meme Yotsuba as the 4d chess mastermind
it was actually Ichika
Nino dubs
 yotsuba once again proving to be the best quint trying to cheer up her crying sister
てへぺろ顔の二乃をヘッドマークに据えた機関車が一花の背後を駆け抜けていく
Who sold out Nino? Is it really Ichika?
Ichika is innocent
Fuutarou supposed to meet Itsuki but sabotage by fake Itsuki
Miku
Eatsuki
Yotsuba
Ichika

Ichika knows the confession,
so Ichika hugged Fuutarou to her boobs to hide him, without thinking.

Ichika's eyes approach to him...

(I can't stop it. She isn't cheap as I am.
 (I can't stop it. She isn't cheap as I am. She loves him with full strength, without caring anyone.)
I had no right to interfere...
Nino, coming out this late. I'm not very amused.
Doesn't use "-kun"
So wait. Who sold out Nino? Is it really Ichika?
Its Miku
it’d be a shame for all her effort to be for nothing


 私には入る余地も　資格もない…
 she just wants to put her sisters ahead of herself
This thread
still no serious eyebrow edit
A train with Nino's winking face runs back of Ichika
from a motorbike to a train
At least Nino's being proactive. What is Ichika doing? She has been hesitating for 30(?)+ chapters now. Nino's trying to do something but getting blocked over and over by circumstances. Even then, she still pushes forward.
Fuutarou's eyes are like being attacked by mass murderer, and Ichika's eyes approach to him...
Not now, it's meaningless if I look like Itsuki
He doesn't know who I am, now it's the good time
 seeing the love of your life being loveydovey with your own sibling
 forces yourself to act genki otherwise the others will start to worry
Nino asked a practice for kiss with Ichika, but Ichika rejected it
Chapter 55
Miku resolves to confess to Fuutarou if she gets the best grades.
Chapter 65
Nino resolves to kiss Fuutarou at the right moment.
???
Every day is a party!
Papa_Nakano.png
implying it will
She's too strong.
Ichika cries alone in a toilet
Recognize the quints, find the true identity of fake Itsuki.
Get Fuutarou to like her.
Fake itsuki, the main source of Fuutarou's conflict in this arc.
Struggling with her feelings because of Nino.
While he thinks such thing, the quints came to Fuutarou. Grandpa's box is full of all kinds of fishes. But it looks all same to the quints.
This?
Ahh it's... it's a kiss(Fish's name)
Nino as bride is just as good as harem ending.
B but! What if someone loves same person? If that girl loves her more than I do?
That's... yeah. Sorry, but I want to achieve it even if I have to push her out. I think so
pet
winning
Nino as the antagonist of Ichika's love story, just like Negi did with Miku
the two girls that are trying to move forward with their love are the antagonists to the girl that is trying to stop them
Papakano went out his way to rummage Fuutarou's room

but Ichika rejected it.
Fuutarou's eyes are like being attacked by mass murderer, and Ichika's eyes approach to him...
But Nino came close to them, so Fuutarou fall to the sea before Nino sees him.
Itsuki is the main heroine
bride's hairstyle is Miku's
Itsuki is the main heroine, however the bride's hairstyle is Miku's
Not following the manga closely, but read it every month
Itsuki is the main heroine
however the bride's hairstyle is Miku's
Actually deluding themselves into thinking that Itsuki is not the main heroine.
Who will be the winner?
Itsuki is the main heroine
however the bride's hairstyle is Miku's
if Nino wants the right moment, if she happened to see Ichika kiss Fuutaro,
Ichika's eyes approach to him...

Not anymore
 give more focus on itsuki
 fuck negi shilling itsuki as main girl
 give less focus on itsuki
 Do you realize that, by giving more focus to the others and prolonging her romantic stance she's just bein reinforced as the main, right?
What is Ichika doing?





Stacked Nino
Nino asked a practice for kiss with Ichika, but Ichika rejected it.
Yotsuba comforts Ichika





This is most certainly painting Nino as the antagonist of Ichika's love story, just like Negi did with Miku before this arc happened, I'm very sure that Ichika will get the upper hand towards the end of this arc.
pleonasm

Arc started with Miku's resolve to finally confess.
Miku's resolve was crushed by Ichika.
But Nino ended up stealing the thunder by confessing twice.
 4 that low
So right now who's the closest to being the bride?
is truly


Nino is the main heroine after all.
ninobros
Miku’s stance on equality

She is all about fairness
quints all start competing with one another to get better grades and so be noticed by Fuutarou
Except Yotsuba, who is confused by what her sisters are fighting about and cries herself to sleep at night
Nino's lewdness
replying to shitposters

downtime chapter about Itsuki gaining weight
Nino is the only one who appears in front of Fuutarou and the readers with her true appearance!!!!!!!
Nino is the only one who appears in front of Fuutarou without being Itsuki in all the chapters .The only one who wants to be "true" with Fuutarou.



Implying "confessing to Fuutarou while Ichika overhears" was not Nino's plan all along to kiss her
Nino is the only one who appears in front of Fuutarou without being Itsuki in all the chapters
All this talk about Nino and Ichika kissing thing
With that many chapters left for the volume to end
Yotsuba finally gets a good bonus
Nino: ???
Nino: ???
Miku: J-pop/Idol
Yotsuba is safe
Yotsuba is safe
Yotsuba is safe
Yotsuba is safe
gangbang
Ichika first release
gets beaten by a Yotsuba leak
Yoba
Ichika's hair color closely resembles the bride
Bride is shown with earrings on her right ear and funny enough the earring resembles the one Ichika wears
No other quint besides Ichika has been shown to wear earrings.

Implying this point matters at all when the only instance where the bride's hair colour was shown was the first chapter, where they supposedly were the same.
nino: Emergence

when Negi has retconned everyone's hair colors
hair color
earrings
Ichika's hair color closely resembles the bride
Bride is shown with earrings on her right ear
No other quint besides Ichika has been shown to wear earrings.

but she can't get one more!
Actually trying to connect clues about the bride this early
 cutting 428 off
Rena is implied to have become aware of Fuutarou in the chapter immediately after Fuutarou's midnight walk with Itsuki. That Rena was the one in the bushes who overheard them before startling them both when she ran away. 
Itsuki is excluded then, partially because she has known the connection between Rena and Fuutarou since the hospital chapters. 
Yotsuba was with her track team and stumbled upon Fuutarou immediately after Rena ran off.
Yotsuba is excluded then, she's a terrible actor anyway. 
Nino meet up with Fuutarou at the hotel and had no awareness of the Rena encounter.
Nino is excluded then, she might have feigned ignorance except for the Kintarou lie. If she knew Fuutarou's past, and even stole that old photo of her and him as Rena, she would have realised Kintarou's existence was predicated on a lie instead of continuing with the charade.

ninobro
What's wronf, Ichika.
She crouches in front of Ichika, who is kn the verge of crying.
Don't cry.
 Ichika has been nothing but sweet to her
When Miku gave her the headphones
When Itsuki told her that Fuutarou could stay with them a little longer
When Miku stole her blanked and shrugged it off as "a mistery"
I've been attempting drawing recently too
I honestly feel bad for Nino if the spoilers are true.
Nino
momentum
I've been attempting drawing recently
around chapter 15, Miku forcefully asked Nino what she was doing with Futarou in her room
during Seven Goodbyes, Miku tries to again to extract info on what she did with Futarou
and those two scenes after 7G
Someone makes a jokey and baity post
you take it seriously
lol
Miku is hella possessive
assertive
Assertive
Knows that Kintarou doesn't exist
Knows what Fuutarou looks like with blond hair
Knows that Fuutarou fell in love with a girl five years ago
Knows Fuutarou had a recent encounter with the girl, and the girl said they would never meet again
Knows about the photo Fuutarou owns
Nino asked a practice for kiss with Ichika, but Ichika rejected it
 bump limit already 
Yotsuba is likely to be too once her hormones start working
Ichika
Assertive
Nino
backstabber
only reddit likes her
Tall and still flat 5 years from now
Ichika
any remote chance at all 


Why would you assume I'd be drawing Nino?
hit bump limit
suddenly NINOFAGS NINOFAGS NINOFAGS ASIHFGSAHGFASJFHFAASFF
12 Wedding Dresses
Ichika
 yotsuba sharing warmth
Fuuts can't catch a break from ANY Nakano
Ninofags can't argue without resorting to insults
Fuuts has an irresistible charm to everyone named "Nakano"
Implying
Baking fresh bred
When there's Nino to do the baking
I hope the quints don't have kid cousins, this could get ugly.
anon wouldn't help his wife bake bread at 4am
They will absolutely make the anime threads insufferable
Implying most of animeonly won't hate her as fuck and shit up every thread
ninobros protect the threads from outsiders
absolutely no reason acts like an ass to Futarou
for absolutely no reason drugs and hurts Futarou
absolutely no reason acts like an ass to Futarou
in defence of Ichika
Ninofags when Rena was suspected to be Nino 
Ninofags when Rena ended up not being Nino




Moral of the story:don't tell your plan to Ichika!
Yotsuba will die after 80 more years
of suffering
Yotsuba will die after 80 more years, being happily married to fuutarou until death
Yotsuba will die after 80 more years of suffering from unimaginable happiness.
It went to shit after haki was introduced
if you liked the series for stupid side adventures and comedy
Is it just me or has One Piece gone to shit since the timeskip?
Why didn't he just shoot Luffy in the head?
At the end Shanks came in, and everyone was intimidated by him and his crew, so they stopped the war altogether.Why didn't the government catch him?
They had all the strongest admirals, plus the Shichibukai with Mihawk who was supposedly equal to Shanks before he lost his arm
Why not go and kill Luffy too, if that's what he was trying to do one minute earlier?
Why do you think Luffy got that X-shaped scar.
cuz hes a lazy fuck
Marineford was in ruins, the Blackbeard and the remnants of the Whitebeard pirates were still around as well. The soldier were demoralised by the massive destruction.
Mihawk wouldn't go against his homie Shanks it was heavily implied.
But he literally tried. But Jinbei carried him away. Why do you think Luffy got that X-shaped scar.
and their personalities got flanderized
Nami is the cute but bitchy chick always
Chopper is just the mascot thing always, he's been shown up as a doctor more times than he's been useful as a doctor post-TS
Luffy WILL NOT EVER stop blindly charging into trouble that is greater than him
Zoro just always gets lost and jacks off to swords
Robin by contrast just does nothing because her character is a walking plot progression bomb
Frankie is just strong Russian tech dude
etc
plot progression bomb
fishman
good
others got their personality erased (zoro, robin, chopper)
 others got their personality erased (zoro, robin, chopper).
It was almost invincible that Doffy didn't seem tired after using it, and only disappear after Doffy defeated by Luffy.
FishMan Island
good
east blue big fish
being the same caliber of strength as a Fishman from the new world and the direct subordinate to a Yonko with 40 years of combat under his belt
OTP
Loli Houtaru stuffing big chocolate bars in her mouth daily getting her fill of hot goo
that cover
it's another side character battles for the entire chapter chapter
literally draws garou because he knows people just want him back
wojakposter from a year ago, called this bullshit
 MA base was the underground people’s place
 the centipedes were related to them
Volume 19
Volume 20
Volume 21
drooling over cgi
implying the lizard fighting Pig God won't be used to explain "extremely deep" digestion lore in utmost detail
he doesn't know
CE's robot looked mass-produced, so I wanted to give him a more main character robot-like appearance. I also wanted to give PM more mobility so I redrew them. I will also continue redrawing chapter 139
phoenix man was kind of obvious because of his name
 the two ninjas were completely redesigned from being generic mooks into former ninjas for a bigger flash tie-in
Lizards and vampires can consume other monsters and holy shit would you look at that - "dragons" now
Do-S can upgrade by controlling others, etc, etc.
You mean like Do-S?
And what do you propose they eat?
do-S was given more relevance but that's more reason that's all she'll get
Amaimask also has to show that he's truly S class level so the rest of the arc works
we already know
from his fight (...) later
he didn't read the webcomic
he didn't read in the webomic where the characters flat out comment that amai mask is S class because he does better against black sperm than fucking atomic samurai and just casually reattaches his arm that got shot off by ENW with no visible wear and tear
he doesn't know how to foreshadow
By that logic, two characters that had nothing should continue to have nothing
something that won't happen for 3 years
Flash had one of the biggest displays of power in the webcomic
If you had half a braincell you'd recognize that the story will expand it
he's not a shit writer
hyperbole
then jobbed to AG without really doing anything at all
I'd realize that ONE wouldn't make the MA full of dragons because he's not a shit writer
Second, by your logic he's already a shit writer since he's added several Dragons already, what difference do 2 or 3 more even make? You don't seem to have a high opinion of his writing chops.
I hope you are this adamant about this shit once the fight gets expanded
that had nothing
Filler
being in dumb denial for years
I'm trying to say that he's adding dragon fights for the heroes that originally had nothing
so adding more shit on top for characters that don't actually need it would be stupid
These shitty fights go against what the fucking webcomic was ever about
The suit can do literally anything
Time limits
Summoning circles
Time limits
he doesn't realize that Orochi exists to weaken Tats so that Psykos lowering her shield later isn't a hilariously stupid plot point like it was in the webcomic
The manga has been like this since day 1
S classes are getting extended fights now because they'll go up against vastly more powerful enemies than their webcomic versions next.
S classes are getting extended fights now because they'll go up against vastly more powerful enemies than their webcomic versions next
Why lie?
since he jumped from mid Dragon to Dragon+ out of nowhere
breaking your limiter does that sort of thing
/document/
/edit
Amaimask also has to show that he's truly S class level so the rest of the arc works.
ywn work out together with Garou in the rain
Reading something for years that you dont enjoy because all the cool kids are doing it
and he won't be thrown into the sun at the end.
still doing phoenixman and child emporer
imagine being this obsessed that you keep coming back
only defense is "i-if you don't like it, don't read it!"
there are people in this thread RIGHT NOW that don't like OPM and take the time to defend that fact 
criticism
This manga is boring
So why are you still here?
Triggered much?
Reddit translator asleep
& DRAW by YUSUKE MURATA
non-traced backgrounds
loadsa detail
Phoenix Man being cool
 he basically redrew those panel by panel.
Between extensions and redraws the fucking bird just won't die
3 chapters for 1 minute to pass
A hawk? Seriously?
 a joke
Phoenix man now looks like shit
And if Bomb gets some filler
Why did Murata redo the first half of the chapter? The fight is so much harder to follow now.
IMO only the most important fights should be extended this much.
until they will encounter Sperm and Garou
reading this stuff in its entirety
didn't take months
redrew was actually needed since the first punch was way too flashy
it also extended on an important moment
6 weeks ago
draw 5 pages
4 weeks ago
draw 5 pages
2 weeks ago
draw 5 pages
now
redo all 15 pages
good characters
dying
There's no fucking point in any of this shounen mango manifesto
CE
good
it's almost like you can read the webcomic to see what was ONE's original intention.
 An author's original intention can only be the good one, if more content is added it's filler
I care about reading the whole story
You think ONE thought about creating Garou from the start? No, it happened far later. So I guess he's filler.
6 years
we could get a new S2 trailer
and a ready Bang replacement.
 if the character doesn't die then it's not filler
Garou
not the final boss
if ONE would wanted things to be different, he would fucking do them differently.
fanboy
The original MA was rushed
implying authors always get this shit right
He doesn´t want the Pig God shitting out monsters arc.
And that's EXACTLY what he's doing
The original MA was rushed
The majority of readers prefers by far the manga
you're the minority that the authors doesn't give a shit about
Energy regulation can only keep up for three minutes, afterwards it will self-destruct…!!
He was a shows designated jobber.
Thereby he knows all the tropes like time limits and holding back.
And now he got the strength to make use of it.
CHILD EMPEROR: Overbooster
CHILD EMPEROR: Remove output limiter!!!
PHOENIX MAN: Huh!!?
Phoenix Man's new design
He thinks the tournament arc inside Pig God's lower intestine where the monsters battle for the chance to leave the ass first was filler
TITLE: Heat Up
wet Garou on the cover
compromised
The MA itself is nothing but a plot device to get to that conclusion.
, that's not the same fulfilling the original intentions.
 So far it looks like the opposite, pal.
make a dragon level monster job in the beginning of the arc to CE so every other Demon Level getting defeated to show how strong S-Tier are is fucking pointless
 arc is used to have both developped heroes and monsters, interactions and big fights between them
 "it's all just plot device and nothing else for Garou"
I don't think he wanted to be a hero
Easily fixed, just make every other Demon level a Dragon too
you thought these were dragons? watch these guys
THESE dragons are much more powerful, enjoy getting assfucked
they just crawled back into their hole and died.
t. retard with 0 successful manga 
OPM didn't blow up because of the epic fights.
if you can't do it then you can't criticize
Another redraw/update keeping Phoenixman from dying for real
To subvert this on a meta level, ONE made Garou into a "villain" with essentially MC hero powers, developed him and put him into situations where the reader is inclined to root for him.
you don't pay for it, then you can't complain
instead of all kinds of stationery gadgets CE is now using magic circles
does fixing errors in your manga = OCD?
 
humans are the TRUE monsters
In OPM's world heroes literally never die and end up victorious in the end because the Author Wills It and if anything Garou complaining about that order of things is valid there.
but Garou doesn't give a shit about kids that he didn't personally meet
he thinks there's only one joke
more filler of shotashit jobbing to low tier monsters
Are you basing this on him not wanting to go back for that other kid? He never got the chance to be convinced by Tareo anyway because they were in danger right after, and it's not like what Garou says = what he does.
The Child Emperor's fight still continue
7 votes
109 posters
Like what. Garou does give a shit. He pretends not to in order to appear intimidating
massively increase daily casualties
If he gives a shit
leddit.
Sigh...
everyone hate Child Emperor now
Backpack and kiddy shit haning from it
Ressurrection with disgusting zenkai boost
Can change forms like a Kamen Rider
villain appears
child emperor has some stupid counter shit in his backpack
villain transforms
but turn out child emperor has another bullshit counter in his backpack
rinse and repeat until villain is ded
But "Child Emperor" as a nickname sounds so pretentious that it makes me hate him more than I should.
I-It's filler even though filler isn't possible in the official work!
omegaretard doesn't even know the definition of filler. This chapter is textbook filler.
The Subterranean King statue in the background.
filler isn't possible in the official work!
he did better against Garou than any other hero or monster
 doesn’t even know how to use greentext properly
It's the official work, filler does not apply
U.M.A.I. STICK
Resurrecting again
don't they get scans at the same time as all the other pirates?
ENW
This is not anime. 
those centipedes
Phoenixman transforms once more.
Looks down upon Child Emperor with a smirk.
Tells him he´s grateful he pushed him so much and helped him achieve this state.
Says he will spare him.
He has bigger fish to fry.
Cut to Orochi, making a obvious indication he will be part of his downfall as he takes off.
Hahaha! You can't defeat me, I'll just ke-
Oh shit, I'm underwater! I'm a fucking phoenix! NO!
Z Gogeta with the aura that pierces the heavens
GT Gogeta with sparkling star aura
Super Gogeta with aurora rainbow aura
Nice headcanon there
head canon
Refered multiple times as strongest enemy
The average Vegeta fan
the absolute state of brolygays
jiren knocks out Golden Frieza in less than 30 seconds
Broly takes an hour just to kill Frieza
Knocks out
Will this form happen?
Super Gogeta with aurora rainbow aura
Goku charges up spirit bomb
Instead of throwing it at Jiren he instead absorbed it to fuel the immense energy needed to go 3
still gets overpowered so he adds kaoken on top and increases his power to a point where he self destructs
That asspull where he came back with ultra instinct omen
beerusfags were in denial about SSB fusion being stronger than the Beerus when Vegetto happened
Gogeta happens too and confirms Goku and Vegeta fusions surpass the meme cat even without god forms
even without god forms
dub
headcanon multipliers
"no need to even read that"
canon multipliers are headcanon
"Broly could have surpassed Beerus with his full power" which is what I already said
according to Whis stronger than gods of destruction
181463761
"there's no way FP broly is more than 8 times stronger than his SS"
anything but headcanon
w-when Broly went full power he experimented a massive change in power as great as going from basic SS to SS3 I swear!
superior to grandma Goku
ctrl+f 'cute' 
0 results found
zero proof for Vermoud being stronger than anyone
the first one breaking the its sphere was Liquiir so no one else can do it!
t. don't know how multiplier works
also implying filler forms means jackshit
filler
ywn see a fusion using best form
the mind
release date
didn't damage jiren at all even after hitting him multiple times
literally froze him for a good few seconds and told his teammates to fuck off instead of knocking him off
got btfo in one episode
Huely
"Freeza asks what happened to Broly's tail; Paragus explains that he removed it because Broly could not control himself when he transformed, and he was too dangerous."
"Freeza is in good spirits again; he asks Paragus what is happening, and Paragus theorizes that Broly has gained the ability to control the power of the Great Ape in human form, without any of the associated disadvantages of the bulky transformation."
had retarded teammates
told them all to fuck off when he had the strongest opponent at the edge of the arena frozen in time
goten and trunks
if you aren't aware of his tracing
nobody can move a picture to trace
his manga does look like a good facsimile of Toriyama's
jijii
vorefag
vorefag
giant chins
evil faces
actual tracing
hentai artist
toyo probably still following that guy he was accused of tracing from
Young Jiji
hentai artist
t.Chirai
Young Jiji
That tooth. 
gay porn
t.
point out obviously dumb ass mistake by some retard
hurr durr u must be the one who drew it therefore I am not retarded
fantastic
furry form
AAAAHHHHH GOGETA-SAMA, PLEASE SPARE ME
S-SHENRON-SAMA, PLEASE DON'T TAKE JOBLY AWAY, I WANT TO WIN
heroes
no nut november is over
Weakly is pathetic
 UI Goku is stronger than SS4 Vegito
says he wants the color palette to be closer to the manga/Toriyama's
Bulma's hair isn't back to purple
Trunks hair isn't like Bulma and Bra's
Broly's hair goes green
Beets, Paragus and Broly are the only tanned saiyans
transforming makes your skin white
Zarbon and Dodoria are a 1:1 copy of their anime selves
are equal in Heroes
Golden Ozaru Cumber < Blue Vegetto
scans
Broly (SS) 
Broly (LSS) =< SSB Gogeta
Broly (LSS) =< SSB Gogeta
Broly powers up one more time into his Full Power form, and Gogeta skips straight to SSB, never giving Broly a chance to catch up. 
Broly is raging, but Gogeta just laughs smugly. This is his fight. 
Broly can't accept defeat; he tries destroying everything around him with his fire-breath, but Gogeta just charges in and blasts Broly repeatedly, finishing it all off with his big gay energy ball.
Broly powers up even more and attacks, but Gogeta is still in full control, delivering a few of those megaton kicks he is known for in another universe. Broly attacks with a beam, but Gogeta dodges it with ease, landing a hard punch and effortlessly dodging Broly's explosion of smaller attacks. Broly is absolutely on the ropes, but Gogeta powers up even more, and Broly starts to show real fear. Gogeta comes after him relentlessly, pummeling him over and over again, further destroying the land around them, sending everything up in a gigantic mushroom cloud as Whis admires the spectacle from a distance. He knows Gogeta has got this.
P-please Broly-sama! If you let me go, you can kiss my husband Yamcha! W-why are you still hitting me?!
teaming up with Toriyama
wrote Gohan out ouf super.
 orange Justice dance
this new movie
Dragon Ball (Bulma is 16 years old)
Jaco (Bulma is 5 years old)
Goku and Vegeta fuse into Vegetto, who goes SSB
Cumber goes SS instantly, he never fights SSB Vegetto in base form
SSB Vegetto is settled as character in player's team because he fights Cumber in the story
Vegetto stays as SSB all the fight, the virtual card is never transformed into SSBKK Vegetto because he never used KK in the story
Cumber is overpowered and leaves like a bitch
Goku and Vegeta defuse and Cumber is butthurt, next time he will use Golden Ozaru
Gocuck and jobgeta so scared of Broly they had to get Chadhan pretend to be their fusion
mfw he went easy on Broly by using SS and SSB instead of his full potential
at will
fucking his gi up
Beat and Note
How does Vegito Blue beating SS1 Cumber prove he is stronger than someone on par with SS3 cumber?
Blue fusion without KK
kanzenshuu
no KK
if Vegetto overall is supposed to be stronger than UI then he's stronger than UI,
KK only exist in one version
Manga Anime and Game all have different scaling and peaks for each character.
you are just assuming that if X is higher than Y, X20 is higher than Y10
Not for the fucking protagonists
Vegeta's feats as SSBKKx20 and SSBE are the same as manga's Goku and Vegeta's as CSSB, being as strong as a GoD in training (Toppo).
Taller
Better
Faster
Stronger
he didn't read the spoilers
using Heroes as a basis
UI got retconned
/a/
shipping
Chirai cheating on Broly
Okay, what the hell happened?
m-muh pedantism
looks like a sorcerer
old, probably too old
enemy of the ̶t̶i̶m̶e̶ galactic patrol
requires the intervention of a Kaioshin to being stopped
-They retconned UI lol
+When? They didn't
-When it was still acknowledged as a canon part of the story
+That's not a retcon, idiot
-D-DONT BE PEDANTIC
Mechikaboola
Mexicabora
Mexico + Cabra
Civilized discussion about DB
Brolyfags kept shitposting until literally everyone disliked them.
The average Broly fan
LOL I DONT NEED GIMMICK SHORTCUTS TO GET STRONG I JUST NEED MORE POWER RAWR
The only Jiren fan
cuckrenspic meltdown
this man fought and won against an Angel-tier opponent
civilized discussion about DB
literally can't read
FP is more than a SS3 boost
he powered up more after it
Gogeta went Blue for a reason
Broly fans are gay
cute girls with cute girly dicks
gay
his opponent was immortal
that's why he used his strongest form despite being stronger than his opponent without it
girly dicks
multiplier
Jobhanpedro: the movie is the day after the top
Reality: Bra now has a head full of hair
girly dicks
manly dicks
SSB Vegito/SS4 Vegito are equal in Heroes
In the original canon manga, Buu says Goku and Vegeta aren't strong enough to beat him, not even if they use the fusion... and the only fusion he knows about (sans absorption) is the dance, and he knows how strong the dance is since he knows how weak Goten and Trunks are and how strong Gotenks is. So the metamoran fusion of Goku and Vegeta is weaker than their potara fusion.
In the original canon manga, Vegetto mentions he wasn't expecting being that insanely strong. You can ignore Buu because he's a cocky bastard and an ignorant, but Goku knows perfectly its own strength, Vegeta's strength and the multiplier of the metamoran dance, so his fusion with Vegeta can't possibly be wrong measuring its power... if it was a metamoran fusion. Vegetto surpassed his expectations, so that confirms the Goku-Vegeta potara fusion is stronger than the metamoran one.
even if you ignore this because you are a pathetic denial, the 7th Daizenshuu (the only one approved by Toriyama) outright confirms this and says "after merging with the potara, the power is greater than with Fusion"
Golden Ozaru is 10 times stronger than SS and SSBKKx20 is 20 times stronger than SSB so even if Cumber tried Golden Ozaru against Vegetto he would still lose because Vegetto is twice stronger than that
Full Power Jiren is far stronger, and Jiren Desnudo is stronger than even that, and this is where UI Goku is
If he hadn't gotten hit up to the moon and just went flying into outerspace he'd be dead from lack of oxygen and with no way to comeback
just throws his boot in the other direction
implying the garbage in the anime that was thought out years ago was meant to rival in any way the juggernauts Broly and Gogeta
Can't win against a saiyan that never fought before
We get more Uma Musume this month
More GoldShip
TFW GoldShip is jailbait
the only genuinely interesting show this season other than JOJO
interesting 
generic lesbian shit
actually implying CGIslayer isn't on the bottom tier of this season's shows
generic
generic
It's literally the best yuri romance anime out there, whether you like it or not.
why ain't there any interesting GS treads
lesbian anime
He literally just slays goblins.
crying about twitter/facebook anime fans on 4channel's anonymous japananimation board
Catering to the America fans
America-lite
it's totally normal to shit yourself on the regular
tfw she is gonna end up all alone pinching pennies for groceries 
won’t even be able to afford a small car
wanting to smash a bad girl
on the floor
not wanting to smash her till she is good
3dpds
consider gay
3dpds
Are you one of those guys who says your waifu doesn't poop?
Not appreciating the puffy cunny
he doesn't have a vacuum anus
wearing panties
That’s the point of 2d, it’s perfect
Does your underwear make a perfect seal around your balls? No.
/a/ meetup.gif
 They're virgins so they want their imaginary girlfriend to also be pure virgins.
Nice historical revisionism you normalcunt leddittard
Tumblr feminist/sjws
Gamer gate
Hillary's election
We'll survive, though
4chan's hatred for women reached all time highs.
I can smell your disgusting tuna pussy from a mile away.
But you wouldn't know that since you only seem capable of getting 2D girls.
This macro was used to mock people who had body pillows
Wow omg
for having a body pillow or being a weeaboo
Contrary to popular belief, there was a time back on old /a/ where things like waifu, 3DPD, and pride of being a virgin didn't exists
The original ronery threads and memes mocked people who had body pillows
Because /a/ along with the rest of early 4chan were naive and hadn't realized just how shitty and retarded women are yet. Things change roastie. It became an issue when women made it an issue. You stirred the shit and then wonder why everybody hates you.
running around public settings in Inyuasha cosplay making a complete fool of themselves
Some would argue that a cosplayer who doesn't know how to suppress his powerlevel in public is less embarrassing than owning a body pillow and unironically loving said pillow.
Hillary’s election
This thread
The only thing /a/ has ever hated were obnoxious weeaboos from gaia who used shit like kawaii 
boyshorts or spats
People who owned body pillows were also hated on. A person who would own a body pillow is the type of person who would spam kawaii in person
I know you don't believe me but I've been here for a very long time.
white
When did you discover /a/?
Weeaboo is a mostly derogatory slang term for a Western person who is obsessed with Japanese culture, especially anime, often regarding it as superior to all other cultures.
I was never unironically shamed by the general community for owning a vast collection of unsavory sexually degenerate anime merchandise.
Owning anime merchandise or dakimakuras or jerking off to hentai does not equal weeaboo. 
A weeaboo is someone so fucking autistic and lacking in self-awareness that they've decided that Japan is nothing but a giant anime
At least you're not a fucking loser like these people.jpg
pantsu thread
becomes a big no u circlejerk
he wants a sissy boy to service his cock
He doesn't want to be the alpha bull of a feminine sissy boi
What color panties are the superior color?
and it became hip to hate on 3D girls.
Anon
wearing pants
XD
you will never grope Chio
she will never ask you how her tit felt
you will never practice kancho with lolis either
kancho 
girls will have a large whitish-yellow stain in their panties after a day or so of use
girl wears normal pantsu on a day that her crush will see them and regrets wearing uncute ones
Shimapan is great, but nothing beats simply white.
Hillary's election
sitting in a tub full of her own menstrual fluids. 
My red blood cells might be wearing cute underwear

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanchō
In Japan multiple people have died or been injured by having compressed air being blasted into their anus; kancho is stated to have set a cultural precedent for this phenomenon.
b-hole wars
Has tredau ever kissed your balls?
250+ posts
Nobody's mentioned bloomers
sister thinks im gay
she walks in the house with shorts so short that her panties show when ever she moves
supper loose shirt that i can peak at her bra or those rare days that she doesnt wear one
did ya lose weight
takes the bait no question
Sure, but no one in here japanese so y'all either manchilds or weeb trash.
thinks
nobody's posted spats
tfw no wolf loli wife
its NGE
have different opinion
get blocked
Tessa
C
Mugi that low
kanna that high
kobayashi that low
Hiyori Tamura
D
yuki above haruhi 
mikuru above haruhi 
Koyani autism rankings
Haruhi on B+ who deserves an A
Tomoyo on B- who deserves an A
Kyou on B- who deserves an A
Mio on B- who deserves an A-
TESSA ON FUCKING C who deserves an A-
Irisu on F who deserves C minimum
kumiCOOL on A-
her cronies on A
Yui on C-
Bloodslut on A+
thinking Sento and Shinka are worst girls
girls
Kumiko below any other Eupho
Fuuko as best Clannad
Haruhi below Mikuru and the fucking spinoff Nagato
S
God tier
High tier
Mid tier
Low tier
Mirai that high
best girls of their respective series
best girls of their respective series
Mio
Ritsu
Kumin Isn't S
Fe-chan isn't S
Lolis mostly high tiers
Nee-sans mostly medium/low tier
Shinka and her clones at the bottom
fuuko
not shit-tier
Irisu F 
Mayaka A
I haven't a clue who top-right is
this is worse since no supernatural shit is involved
autistic anons think this is autism
unironically thinking that isn't autism
hachiman is literally me
no yukino gf
he hasn't read the final chapter yet
fake
Haruhi
Harem
Haruhi was brilliant
I fell asleep watching all of those MCs
People who don't the context of this webm will call it cringy/autistic
He's so socially anxious he wouldn't do some simple non-bodily-harming thing so someone he knew wouldnt literally disappear from the face of the earth
tfw I dropped some shows because I find the MC completely relatable to me, which makes me hate them as much as I hate myself
Satan is Subaru
The other 3 are pretty stupid
guys look, we know what lenses are lol
... anime production processes could be "completely replaced by AI."
because that's how memory works.
That's fine except you don't need to flush hours of work down the drain to achieve it.
 From Bruce Lee
Ten no Haoh Raoh Gaiden
hating Raoh
But you can have too much of him.
Zombie sweating
unbelievable reactions from Reiko
from afar.
Ai is playing with her muppets
Junko literally wishes you well with hands clasped 
Saki being grumpy
I don't know. Yuugiri just looks stoned
Junko openly despises smelly otaku
otaku say she's their waifu
that tiny gap in her shirt made by her enormous bust trying to burst out
Ehh Minamoto-san, you are one of them too?
I'd rather die again than taking photos with those filthy peasants.
Tae is just Tae
Ai is amused by the hand puppets
Sakura is STILL trying to be scary and failing
Saki is not happy with this shit
Junko is wishing you good holidays
Lily is just her happy self
Meanwhile Yuugiri drooling out of her mouth, eyes not paying attention to anything
Victorian plate
Otakuloser
Not knowing all about citypop chillwave vapor jazz
they are doing a good job of sharing the spotlight
ywn get into her room
Saki is part of Apex
casually walking towards my dog
whats in your mouth? doggo?
stares at me with a gesture ' i have done nothing wrong'
faked shot for promo photos
tfw the fans won't know they just shower outside and live in a prison
and that much foundation is gonna be pretty fucking expensive
 implying that "foundation" isn't just his cum mixed with mud
plays chicken
dies because she ain't no bitch ass chicken
becomes a zombie
backs up all of her shit talking
plays chicken AGAIN
cheats death and proves she still ain't no bitch ass chicken
makeup
Yuugiri tries a pressure point on Junko
this happen.
Ai is still so traumatised she can't point up.
not a chicken
womb tattoo
dark ulterior
I think he just tried too much here. 
HERE'S YUUGIRI
no short remarks of the zombies regarding the Kamikaze Squad outfit
my digits will decide
dubs
Sakura is supposed to be the approachable girl next door type
womb tattoo
Though there's a small chance they commit to the joke and don't explain her origin which would really piss me off.
The problem with giving Sakura such large breasts is that they run contrary to the point of her character. Sakura is supposed to be the approachable girl next door type. She's supposed to make you feel at ease and like you're with an equal.
you can predict the ending of every episode since everything will go back to just them in the mansion and there won't be any lasting changes.
no lasting effect
the reporter who noticed Junko wrote about the Sagarock event
also wrote for the haunting in the hot spring 
Yes
No
didn't seem to realize
I've already made commitments to my new family
Did you like her, or was the Westermarck effect in play?
but stop it with that vacant brainless look
Tae regains her consciousness
 attractive brainless female
 attractive but empty-headed young woman
And you're overly sentimental with a decision that effects much more than just you. If one of the zombies is discovered, they all are. In the worst case scenario people would come to burn down the mansion and kill all of them. And for what? So Saki could have an emotional moment with a woman who's been trying her best to forget about her for the last 20 years.
bad form
being hard worker is a bad thing
but across the world
she didn't even seem to work very hard for it, 
he doesn't think devoting half an episode to flashbacks 20 years prior with no real correlation to the present events is bad
heart eyes on lily
still not revelation on why Saki was gloomy at that night in episode 3
still no info about this Pops
still not revelation on why Saki was gloomy at that night in episode 3
I need everything explained to me
no real correlation
1. Sakura. Full, pouty lips, and since she's girly she wears lipstick and lip liner all the time. In a crowd of 100 girls, Sakura's lips will be fuller than 99 of them.
2. Yugiri. Same as Sakura, but her lips aren't quite as big.
3. Lily. Too young to wear makeup, but has nice lips anyway
4. Saki. Lips are neither thin nor full
5. Junko. Fairly thin, only wears makeup on rare occasions
6. Ai. Thin, doesn't wear makeup
necroducer and Tae
legendary criminals
the Bonny and Clyde of Saga
rob banks together
one getaway goes wrong
their car crashes
Tae is brain dead 
they’re wanted so he can’t take her to the hospital
hides out somewhere in saga trying to figure out a way to help his gf
regrets his life decisions
Tae dies and he buries her
feeling suicidal
goes into town and drinks heavily
heads towards a bridge near by
sees an idol group performing along the way
walks in because why not
their lyrics touch his soul
gets an idea
”I’ll resurrect an idol group from the dead and use the money to pay back Saga for my crimes!!”
everyone in the group, including him, are assumed dead
needs the glasses to hide his identity

Never happen
Delicious flat odango
hairy tough MOMMY
Womb Tattoo precure biker bitch
They also showed the three famous Saga pottery styles.
‘tis was
not ‘twas
No Tae
0 evidence to make any real theory
convincing arguments
How do you think Yuugiri died?
It's possible that the writers want us to feel frustrated
b-but what does that have to do with this scene?! Why would she say something like that!?
you don't want to get on my bad side...
literal prostitute
It's possible that the writers want us to feel frustrated
Sakura lowest
Junko
Gifted
did nothing from episode 5 to 9
smarter
locked herself up because muh showa ideals and nearly ruined the group.
gifted
those proportions
the episode where she literally chooses idol over her old life isn't closure
oyakodon with your daughter's bully
eggfag trying to rile things up
master1200
inb4 Shades bully Sakura by pressing pressure points to make her remember him
She is talent and intelligent.
had jacked off to Lily on a few occasions
I just saw 
Yugiri: 11
it
Cute person.
Sagiri faggot posts here
they do fight the giant monster in the op
it's actually just a guy in a suit for the music video
Why is this FANCY whore so pretty?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFz-Q7bO0ts
literally 25k views an hour ago
already 31k 
71909076_p0_master1200.jpg (664 KB, 1000x860)
71909076_p0.jpg (780 KB, 1000x860)
all that fucking description
when all they did was rip HS and paste it on youtube
majoring in political science
punching Ai
Have Saki go out, maybe tell Kotaro she's gonna tie up some loose ends before she can continue being an idol or else she can't perform with her best.
When Reiko utters "Saki...?" Saki smiles and says something along the lines of Reiko should bring her old fearless self back and that Dorami's first leader having to come back to save the gang is pretty damn pathetic before getting on the bike and waving Reiko farewell before the game starts
She re-enacts her own death, but she escapes to Kotaro's van which was parked downhill
Reiko and the gang are shocked but Reiko gets her shit together, and she yells at the girls to all ride downhill to the wreck of the bike
No corpse
"Was that really Saki..?"
"Saki who?" 
"The first leader of Dorami who died in this same place in the same way many years ago"
Collectiveohfuck.jpg
Reiko gets her shit together, and an urban legend spreads about how the ghost of the deceased leader of a biker gang would appear at any game of Chicken taking place at that place
WHERE THE TAE PICs AT?
spoiler
majoring in political science
CR
tfw literally cried at several points in the episode
CR
What did you expect? Actual anime discussion.
What do Zombies smell like
Do Zombies breathe and need to eat
Can Zombies reproduce sexually
A sort of musky sweetness, like rotting meat
No and only brains if they feel like it.
No, cell division no longer occurs post mortem.
the speedwatcher meme is real
Possible that another reason Junko hates fan interaction is because she got a stalker that chopped her to pieces, judging by how she's really frankenstein'd.
she got a stalker that chopped her to pieces,
samefagger this (you) starved
zombie name is 0
her tracksuit literally says Yamada
They drive downhill to the wreck
No corpse
Suddenly Saki in her banchou outfit(courtesy of Kotaro) walks in from behind them
"Sorry for destroying your bike, but its been almost 20 years since I last rode a bike. Reiko, its been a long time since we last met, your daughter has the same eyes as you back then, you gotta show her who is the boss around here. Remember to feed my tamagotchi"
She walks off into the darkness of the forest, into Kotaro's van parked a distance away
a really common surname like Smith?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most_common_surnames_in_Asia#Japan
The first leader of Dorami
neglected
overworked
loli trap's are a new concept, new, progressive, muh faggot rights
father's flashback - got bags on the eyes
son's flashback - no bags
Assuming that Takeo and Lily's flashback are based on the same point in time
Either that or the fact that Lily hides the fact that her cause of death was stress so that no one would blame the dad.
Double engine failure
thinking a child would omit the point he was overworked or neglected
Saki isn't and she went up in an explosive ball of flames.
she went up in an explosive ball of flames.
saki ep
drug smoking slut zombie ep
Tae episode
she sleeps
facial hair
aged 12
-UtenaTV
specify the TV series because you liked the movie
still waiting on that last Dorohedoro chapter to get translated
needed more Rindaman
what is in the middle? It looks a bit like Metropolis.
what's in a filename 
Tekkon Kinkreet, Galaxy Express
second from the top and middle
zero (0) good mosaics in this thread
Neither is on there
Was directed by Yasuhiko. You should be able to take it from there.
-Children who Chase Lost Voices
because i probably didn't recognize some
Which ones you unsure about?
What's under Shinkai?
It's a 3rd complain I get for this one since previous thread, why didn't anon like it? Shinkai going full Ghibli is at least interesting.
Is top mid Rookies?
I don't see what everybody likes about Devilman
I don't really get Akira
What are they?
style completely falls apart
What other movies are there with backgrounds
Didn't like Rose of Versailles and I'm not going to watch Zeta but the rest are good.
Windaria, Puss in boots, Tekkon Kinkreet, Venus Wars, Metropolis, other Lupin and old Toei movies.
A fucking guide book
see one of these
He can't keep getting away with it.
Windaria, wasted potential
copy of The Ice Wanderer
What is your favourite Mononoke arc?

Not really, it's still a pretty looking movie, had no issues with pacing and I didn't like all drama, but I think ending was handled well. For me it's just a great adventure movie.
+++Texhnolyze, +NGE, - Fate (if it's Stay Night, kinda neutral about Fate Zero).
What's second column?
What is bottom middle?
It's Umibe no Onnanoko
Madoka
Manipulated into making a contract with Kyubei
Helps out other witches
Ascends to Godhood because she wants to help her friends
Faust
Summons demons himself
"I want to help muh humanity"
First wish is to fuck some country girl
Proceeds to jew her, kills her brother and sends her to mental asylum.
Ascends to heaven just because he's favoured by the Divine
Based Mefisto gets BTFO
???: Today's training is over.
???: Dismiss!
???: Thank you very much!
Olga: Finally the 1st year are getting the pace of the training.
Ekat: It's already been 2 months huh.
Chapter 3: Decay.
Ekat: Speaking of the 1st year, Olga.
Ekat: What's your opinion of that Katyusha girl?
Olga: She's fine.
Olga: She's doing a good job controlling the 1st year and stopping them from getting uppity from their fluke victory.
Text: Time passes since the inter-league match. Here's the same old training.
Ekat: In that case... Maybe I should add her name to the roster for the tournament.
Olga: Making a 1st year a regular?
Ekat: As a spare.
Ekat: And honestly, she's more useful than some 2nd year students.
Olga: She's skilled enough for you to go that far, Ekatrina?
Olga: So that thing during the inter-league match wasn't an accident, and she planned it all along?
Both: No way.
Kat: We'll start with cleaning up now.
1st Year: Okay~
Kat: But before that, I have an announcement.
Kat: I've arranged for the supplies monopolized by the 2nd and 3rd year to be distributed to us as well.
1st Year: Seriously!?
1st Year: You got us that privileged!?
1st Year: That's Katyusha-san for you!
1st Year: I'm amazed, Katyusha-sama!*
Kat: Could you stop with the 'sama'?
Kat: I don't really want a personality cult.
1st: This makes me so mad about the seniors.
1st: They're even creating a gap for something like this just because they're older.
1st: It's exploitation I say! They should at least distribute the snacks equally!
1st: She's right! Now is the time for the proletariat to rise up and overthrow the bourgeois...
1st: What are you talking about?
Kat: I understand your feeling, but we'll just get crushed if we rise up without a plan.
Kat: First, we need to be skillful enough that we can stand up against the seniors.
Kat: Now, I've fulfilled my promise.
Kat: All of you will now accompany me for 1st year only independent training.
Text: Two Months Later.
Banner: 61st Senshadou National High School Tournament.
Man 1: Man, Pravda is really strong this year!
Man 2: Especially the leader, she's a good commander.
Man 1: They didn't lost a single tank in two matches, right?
Man 1: Her nickname, 'Permafrost Ekatrina', isn't just for show.
Man 1: They might finally get that victory they were dreaming of this year.
Nonna: I hope it go that well, but...
Nonna: Commander Ekatrina got solid tactic, but she lacks flexibility.
Nonna: If the enemy were to break through that...
Nonna: I wonder if Katyusha noticed that.
Nonna: Aah, if I was fighting with them...
Bully 1: This is weird, right?
Bully 2: You think so too?
Bully 3: Hmmm...
Nonna: What's wrong? You're not working.
Nonna: Did something happen?
Bully 1: Well it's not that big a deal, but...
Bully 1: Look at this... Aren't the setup kinda basic for a national tournament?
Nonna: Setup?
Bully 1: I... watched the tournament back when I was in primary school.
Bully 1: Back then, how should I say this, the setup for spectators was more well done...?
???: They didn't use those folding chairs, did they?
???: Exactly.
???: They set up a proper spectator stand.
???: There are less administrators too, right?
???: And they had a lot more judges before.
Box: HQ
???: That's true...
???: There's also a lot more sponsors than in before.
???: I wonder where the money went.
It's just company names, I'm not translating that
Bully 1: Compare to this, the one oversea are super fancy.
Bully 2: They got gun salutes and planes shows.
Bully 3: There's this giant monitor showing the tanks, and the directions are elaborate too...
Nonna: The only one who can do that in Japan is Sanders.
Nonna: Stop chatting and start with the resupplying.
Bullies: Ye~s.
Mob: N-Nonna-san! Help us!
Nonna: What now!?
Mob: U-um...
Mob: Could you let us pass...?
Nazi: I told you that you can't.
Nonna: What's this all about?
Mob: For some reason these girls from Kuromorimine won't let us pass.
Mob: We've been asking to go through for a bit now...
Nazi: This place is close to our base.
Nazi: If we let you pass, the stench of you Tohoku people will stink up the place.
Nonna: Is this a Showa era shoujo manga?
Nonna: Blocking our path...
Nonna: This is way too childish even for harassment.
Nonna: Phew...
Nazi 2: Something weird about that, you hillbilly!?
Mengele's Failed Experiment: You cheeky Tohoku mob.
Nazi: Hah!
Nazi: It must be nice to relax as the Forever 2nd Place Pravda.
Nazi: You could just slack off on the training and take it easy since you'd never win anyway.
Nazi: Compare to that, the training for 8 years dominating champion like Kuromorimine is on such a high level. Honestly, everyday is so rough.
Nazi 2: These losers won't ever understand.
Nazi 2: It's that 'How would a sparrow understand the ambition of a phoenix' thing.*
Nonna: This is annoying.
Nonna: I should purge them.
Kat: Nonna.
Kat: Stop playing around with those idiots.
Kat: We don't have time.
Kat: Come on, we can just take that path there.
Nazi: What did you say!? You midget!
May the Gods have mercy on this being's soul: Looks like we'll have to teach you losers your place!
Oni: Tominaga.
Oni: Kuroshima.
Oni: Hanaya.
Oni: What the hell are you guys doing...?
Oni: Just when I realize you were gone,
Oni: you're out here causing trouble for other people...
Oni: Don't think you'll get away with it this time.
Nazi: Hiii.
Nazi: Onitsuka-san!!
Nazi: W-wait!
Nazi: It'll be bad if you lay your hands on me you know?
Nazi: Are you sure about this? My parent is...
Oni: Chairman of the PTA?
Oni: So what?
Oni: You think something that like could threaten me?
Nazi: Hiii!
Oni: Hey! Damn you!!
Oni: Kgh...
Oni: I'm Kuromorimine's Vice Captain, Onitsuka Runa.
Nonna: ...Hello.
Oni: I must sincerely apologize
Oni: for the great disrespect my members have shown you.
Nonna: It's alright.
Kat: Do not worry about it.
Oni: I'm grateful.
Oni: They're quite notorious problem child, even amongst us.
Oni: This is all due to my lack of leadership ability.
Kat: Leaders have it tough no matter where you go huh.
Kat: Really...
Kat: Anyway, we weren't really harmed or anything, it's totally fine.
Oni: I thank you for your forgiveness.
Oni: Now then, I wish you a good match.
Kat: Same to you.
Nonna: Both of you, back to work.
Mob: Ye~s!
Nonna: ...Sorry, Katyusha. 
Nonna: Making you deal with minor stuff like this right before your debut match.
Nonna: Ow.
Nonna: Ow!
Nonna: I said I'm sorry...!
Kat: That's it!
Kat: We found their weakness, Nonna!
Nonna: Hah?
Kat: Don't you understand!?
Kat: This means that we're not the only one in decline!
Kat: The old Kuromorimine that's know for Order and Purity wouldn't have those kind of people!
Kat: And if Kuromorimine have decline.
Kat: Then it means that there is an opening we can exploit.
Kat: Nonna! Do a check on them!
Kat: Also, I can't believe our girls didn't say a word back after those insults!
Kat: Reeducating those girls should be top priority...
Nonna: Sorry to interrupt while you're having fun, Katyusha.
Nonna: But your opponent today isn't Kuromorimine.
Who is this familiar figure you see from the back..
anison matrix on the same day toradora stream started
01.12
AGAIN
01:00~01:40 colate DeLPi
fuckloads of uni work
deadlines next week
mogra
日本語
Ace Combat 7
Devil May Cry 5
Kingdom Hearts 3
all in the first quarter of 2019
forgetting about RAW VIDEO
discord links in chat
日本語わ
わ
chat
reading chat
even having chat displayed
not using streamlink
 Toradora stream is at 05:00 bongs in the morning
libing in bongland :DD
Nico Nico douga
 implying i'm not one of them
not covering it up or putting it in its own browser window partly off-screen
not living in Australia where the stream starts at a comfy 1 in the arvo and then streaming shows all "night" and forcing people to stay up til 6pm
using botnet
1 in the arvo
this mix
BEST TIME OF THE MONTH IS HERE
strong zero
yfw r/a/dio gets b& this year
degenerate shit
traps
Bare Knuckles 3 IRL
someone interjecting about FOSS in chat
escape sleep 40%
[download][..3:56 GMT 2018_mogra.mp4] Written 2.26 GB (1h32m19s @ 512.1 KB/s) 
Dec 1st already
Available: 5.2T
Deadman Wonderland aired 7 (seven) years ago
CLANNAD anime first aired 11 years ago
Yo anon, can I have some of what you're smokin'?
Using CAP LOCKS
not holding down Shift
not using the cruise control for cool
NOT CRUISING FOR COOL
probably 4chan
4chan
he doesn't know
4chan
he's still on 4channel
not 4ch
some faggot actually linked the thread
spoiler
tfw was wondering where I heard it
your post
4chan
I love Emilia/Rem/Ram/whatevs
not yotsuba
no QR
Chrome
updated Windows
didn't watch the first night
missed the troll first episode of Kotoura
that guy whose only reaction pictures are ZLS
AAAA
AAAA
literal ded horses
We're never gonna hear KIMI NO SEI
newfags
could not win even in her own spinoff
Yo dawg I heard you like Mogra so I put some Mogra in your Mogra
STOMP TO MY BEAT
Playing games with /a/
not using yandex 
russians
gookshit
gookshit
MAX IMAGES
Borderline
image limit
Not the original
Image limit reached
"schrodinger cat"
Schrödingers Katze
Physically Abusive tsundere
then Id have to start liking him
start liking him
start
too real the anime
edition
rascal does not dream of bunnygirl senpai
running in the same spot for 5 seconds
OPs you always skip
comes back to earth to kill the guy who easily destroyed him and had even way more time to train since then while he was stuck in a capsule
Isn't Frieza supposed to be intelligent?
He's never been portrayed as some kind of cunning master planner or anything.
Goku was also hurt after the fight
Freiza doesn't know Goku does nothing but train
Freiza got mechanical upgrades
Freiza also had his dad with him
Freiza is the most arrogant character in the series
It was also a way to show how strong Trunks was for his introduction
The series was meant to end after Namek,
That time Goku used Gyo
11
438 million
Non canon cards
when a retard saves your reaction image edit
source my ass
seething furshit 
m-my image
non canon 
Kid is Bakugo now
mfw he's #1 in the next popularity poll
Big Mom and the Kaido will clash in Wano 
no matter which dies by the end of the arc the true winner will claim the corpse and be top tier with a giant zombie for the final war 
Ace is listed with only CoC in his Vivre Card. There is no mention of CoO or CoA.
Mihawk: "I won't hold back against Luffy"
Also Mihawk: Fucks around with Luffy and doesn't try at all 
One of the most insane logias in the entire series 
Total badass who always keeps his cool
Fucking kills people while smiling
Despite being a merciless killer, doesn't flip out and kill randos for no reason like Akainu
Best taste in suits and sunglasses 
Excellent hair 
Gives zero fucks
Probably high all the time 
Probably only became an Admiral so he could get stoned all the time 
Only reason he isn't fleet admiral is because he literally can't be bothered
Apoo cuts him into pieces
He only looks mildly confused
Akainu means red dog 
Hot Dogs are red.
Kuzan: A pretty chill guy 
Borsalino: Cool as hell. 
Issho: Funny and down to earth. 
Akainu: Total Asshole
hurrrrr the bitch who got injured last arc and needed haki to block a kong gun can’t be injured durrrrrrrrrrrr
inb4 he knows he fucked so he deflects instead of posting proof
Sakazukis VA didnt die
Wait, wha-
mfw
carrot has no duties on zou because I’m a dirty furry fapping cuck who needs more panels to jerk off to 
Sakazukis VA didnt die
immediately deflects because he can’t post proof for his headcanon 
that image
jack
scales 
no u! 
still no mention of a possible sbs leak tomorrow
Crocodile, Cobra, Hancock, XDrake
all fishmen have scales
t. furryNPC
Crocodile has scales
crocodiles DONT have scales 
tfw carrot will never hold you like she holds her captain
Crocodile, the character, has scales
Boa Hancock has scales
proving yourself to be a retard
Cobra has scales
The Wano group has a goal that involves rebuilding their kingdom.
Carrot's goal is seeing the world and seeing Luffy bring the dawn of the new world.
furfucks collectively retarded enough to not know what pertain means 
everyone I don't like is a furry!!
mfw trying to keep up with all this shitposting
i-i just jumped in the chain because I got triggered randomly!
t. furshiiNPC
still trying to force "you're a furry" without any proof
carrotfags anally devastated 
doubling down on brain dead damage control because can’t into definitions 
chime in on carrotfag damage control because they need more help shitposting 
get exposed as retard again 
”I’m not even a carrotfag!!!”
still no proof
spergs out on me
inb4 some autistic screeching because no proof
calls me livid while he's the one forcing his boogeyman onto me
D: About Vivi, I noticed that out of the countless characters that have appeared in the series so far, she seems to be the only character who is deemed to be a comrade without officially being in the crew, and if possible, I wanted to know if you could please tell us the specific number/specific color/animal resemblance/country/blood type/favorite food/least favorite food/etc., revealed for the rest of the Straw Hat Pirates so far, for her as well. P.N. Hoshino Shizuku
SBS76 1 Vivi
O: Gotcha. The fandom is strong with Vivi.
Specific Number: 5.5
Specific Color: White (Gold)
Animal Resemblance: Dove (Discussed with her voice actor: Misa Watanabe)
Blood Type: F
Favorite Food: Curry, Pudding
Least Favorite Food: Dried Squid
carrotfag is being autistic 
carrotfag
us 
our
we 
t. huntardNPC
I dedicate this statue to the brave heroes everywhere who stood up for their friends and never gave up, even against impossible odds. May the friendship between the United States and Glorious Japan last ten thousand years, and may we one day walk side by side on the battlefield together to fight against our true enemies; Muslims.
incel
her fur isn't white, it's off-white
reddit shill
that's why he leaves it to fanartists
Everyone can name the characters at the top
drawing women is oda's weakest point
that's why he leaves it to fanartists
author keeps "breaking his back"
that's why he leaves it to fanartists 
I was talking about them looking good should be left in fanarts.
hiatusfag cherrypicks an image of faces where you can actually tell wich female is wich
compares it in "diversity" with a chart of mostly males
Un-original author
says the Hunterdrone
It's noticeably off-white, retard.
Nekomamushi is the guardian of the ponegliph, not Inu
Neko leads the way to Raizo and is the one protecting Raizo
Brook sings about Neko
Neko still wearing JPN shit, Neko wearing some European shit
Raizo calls out Neko when he sees the entire group for the first time in the Whale (implying Neko kept in touch w/him only during the process)
Neko is always passionate about the dawn and seen in flashbacks. Never Inu.
Neko brings up the traitor, not Inu
Ashura fights Inu for some reason
Neko is feuding with Inu for some unexplained reason
Neko and Inu escape from Orochi somehow 
Neko is feuding with Inu for some unexplained reason
let's rehash this debate again
6'8" manlet
45 years old 
still a virgin
shitty fruit that turns him into a bird
pretend family 
no bounty
looks like a pineapple
no bounty
why was Neko trusted to guard the poneglyph, but not Inu? Same with Raizo
Need to be connected to Wano as that's the only thing connecting the minks and the Beast Pirates.
Had to know Raizo was on Zou, but could not know where exactly in Zou
Had to know Raizo being the only one to land on Zou meaning you had to witness Raizo landing on Zou, but not know where Kin'emon, Kanjuro, or Momo.
implying he didn't try
being retarded and forgetting one of the most important quotes of One Piece
some
not adding Reiju, Sweet Pie, Lola, Amande, Terracotta, Uholisia, Big Mom, Carrot, Mansherry, Daisy, Galette, Poire, Anana, Amazon, Kokoro, Chimney or Otsuru for actual variety.

Implying Marco didn't give Ace his meat.
They need to know the Beast Pirates want a samurai based on the history with it
They need to contact the Beast Pirates who are on Wano. Which minks do we know that are pirates?
Jack crucified both Inu and Neko
Inu's leg cut/ripped off
One of his first acts in Wano was to rescue an injured Otama, cursing Kaido as he did
why? the beasts pirates could have run into a sailing mink and told them to guide jack to zour or they'll get the club
dog, why in the blu fuck do they need to be a pirate? is every single person sailing the sea in the one piece world a pirate?
Why would a random mink have any information about Raizo?
Because a pirate is the only way you could have contacted the Beast Pirates
Databooks state Nami is internal captain
The Beast Pirates would need to know Raizo alone landed on Zou. And they would need to know the minks knew about samurai
And how would you even differentiate between a mink from Zou and one from outside Zou?
Jinbe #10th
He’s stated to be “Strawhat pirates helmsman”.
Jinbei is the strawhat with the highest bounty after Luffy
Vivi is treated as a ex strawhat
Oda state that no romance would happen between the SH
One of the most insane logias in the entire series
Total badass who always keeps his cool
Fucking kills people while smiling
Despite being a merciless killer, doesn't flip out and kill randos for no reason like Akainu
Best taste in suits and sunglasses
Excellent hair
Gives zero fucks
Probably high all the time
Probably only became an Admiral so he could get stoned all the time
Only reason he isn't fleet admiral is because he literally can't be bothered
Zoro is as strong as Luffy
anti-jinbe furfags

implyng Carrot won't be 11th
You seem like an expert on that site
he avoids answering the question
he avoid answering the question
Pudding and Sanji was the closest thing we got to romance in 20 years
B-but there's gonna be h-he never said so
Abe Portugal asked...
Who does Nami like?
Sensei answered...
Hmm, in a romantic sense? I don't think there will be any romances among that crew. Nami probably sees all the good aspects/qualities of those guys, but One Piece isn't a romance. Maybe a lot of girl readers ask this kind of question. Boys are not interested all all. One Piece is basically a shonen manga, manga for boys, so romance isn't depicted.
Bege and Chiffon
Sanji and Pudding
Aladdine and Praline
Makino suddenly have Shanks's child (hinted by oda)
Zoro and Tashigi at Punk Hazard (SBS)
Viola and Sanji
Kyros and Scarlet
Rebecca and Koby (don't tell me you saw nothing with all those hearts fucking around)
Baby 5 and Sai
The entire Hammock plotline
Usopp and Kaya
Boys are not interested all all
romance isn't depicted
gives us the entire sanji and pudding story and 
503cm
it's just inter-crew romance that's the issue.
Matching Outfits
Robin's prisoner number in the 3d2y story is 3926 (39 represents franky's birthday and 26 represents robin's birthday)
Real life jobs of both of them being pilot and air hostess
Robin and Franky
Robin and Franky
tfw Tama is better than Eri in every possible way

Wano is Kaido's base of operation
All his commanders located there
Multiple supernova's have found their way unto the island one way or another
The place is filled with some of the world's most powerful warriors who have kept the WG at bay for years
An alliance of another race of powerful warriors and two rising pirate crews (that just took down a warlord) have also infiltrated
Big Mom on her way there as well
''Lemme just go fuck 'em up''
Dobson being right about something
WG will be dissolved
Gives us Sanji
Elbaf will be skipped
29 yeards old
iiiyaaaa!!
what's wrong?
i looked into my crystal ball and... just take responsibility, okay?
Implying the last Strawhat isn't Moriah
series was supposed to END IN 5 YEARS when he first started
brook is represented by merry itself (since they're both dead)
#11 and #12 are empty
The characters all have gaps between their appearances and true natures. Yuta is the hero, but he is also cute, like a little kid. Rikka looks like a distant cool beauty but she is very kind and caring. Akane is girly and cute but also a sociopath. 
They didn't want to make just a "hero anime" but also a story of the youth of boys and girls.
They talk about the constant fights between Utsumi and Rikka. Neither is wrong because Rikka isn't a "unlikable woman" and Utsumi isn't a "dumb nerd".
The two points of view of Rikka and Utsumi are "correct" Even if the Ultraman-fan staff agrees with Utsumi, that's not all there is. Rikka's attempts to understand Akane differently are also important. 
They try to depict the four main characters as flawed, even if that might make people dislike them.
Rikka and Akane are the heroines of the story, but they have non-heroine-like qualities that make them authentic. 
Before he lost his memories, Yuta and Rikka had certain conversation. Is it important? Maybe! But are the feelings of current Yuta the same as the previous Yuta?
Amemiya actually likes the sense of distance from Rikka. He doesn't think a heroine that lives for MC would be good.
The romance is definitely a part of the story and Yuta likes Rikka, but that doesn't mean it needs to end well. You'll have to keep watching to the end.
The kaijuu are all designed in a way that fits Akane's character and her mental state at that point of the story.
They wanted a rival character so they came up with Anti. To make him more sympathetic they made Akane treat him like shit.
Rikka taking care of Anti was meant to evoke mixed feelings in the audience. It's building to something, and it shows Rikka's kindness, but also: why is she so nice to Anti but then treats Yuta and Utsumi in a totally different way? *laughs* Rikka is weak to people that seen as if they're "in need".
In a way, the character relationships are what shape the story. That Akane and Rikka's houses are so close is nice. Rikka and Akane are physically near but at the same time they're emotionally distant. If they were actually close, then the story would end.Thematically, sure, but also practically, because Akane would discover Gridman's "body" and Rikka would discover how the kaijuu are made. But because they aren't emotionally open with each other the story continues.
Look forward to the remaining kaijuu because they're going to be getting more and more insane with each passing episode.
Pay attention to the state of Akane's smartphone. With each episode, she is hurting herself more and more. When Akane wants to kill someone else, is it them that she is angry at or is she actually angry at herself? They say that Akane is more dangerous than Takeshi from the original because Akane is more broken as a person.
What kind of insane kaijuu will the increasingly more broken Akane create? Look forward to it.
In the latest interview the director and writer are saying that Rikka is going to approach Yuuta and close the distance between them.
Rikka is so dense she won't notice even if she is approached romanticall. (Laughs)
EOP teanslation
good thread gets deleted for this garbage thread
our resident yurifag
i love Yuri and hate hetero 
恋愛でも友達でもない
Yuta clearly wants to date Rikka
friendzoned
In a non-romance story
I don't see why Rikka's VA would have said what she said
At most they'll look each other in the eyes and blush, that's it.
Yuta and Rikka are going to get resolution, we know that for a fact
nauseous
heteronormative
nauseous
On top of that they purposely made her distant towards Yuta so that when they finally break that barrier it'll be more satisfying.
竹内：生っぽさがほしかったので、情報を増やすことで「芝居」になりすぎるのはイヤだったんですよね。脚本だと、六花の意識が裕太に向きすぎな傾向があって、そこにキャストの方が感情を乗せてしまうと裕太に寄りすぎている印象を受けるんです。
Yuta is the hero, but he is also cute, like a little kid.
Anonymous 11/30/18(Fri)12:52:44 No.181432

that pic
heteronormative
heteronormative
There's nothing wrong with romance in the toku and mecha genre.
How come Garo had normal threads?
Rikka and Akane are the heroines of the story
But are the feelings of current Yuta the same as the previous Yuta?
Yuta likes Rikka, but that doesn't mean it needs to end well
iphone
female """""""""cosplay""""""
As a happier final note: the next episode is Kai Ikarashi‘s debut as storyboarder and he’ll be supervising the animation as well. The list of animators involved will make people’s jaw drop – as will the quality of their work. Look forward to something big!
Trigger loves ad-lib scenes
tfw it's already Saturday in my country

mfw this show is flopping in the west
Yuta abused by fat faceless older men
heteronormative
does poll of who he should draw next
Namiko dead last
7 HOURS TO
Implying that's a bad thing
he can easily be popular with girls if he's not autistic
Rikka should be close to me
literally replaying the first episode but with Akane
heterobait?
10 pictures taken before the disaster
punished venom rikka
It's a role reversal what if episode
Domo, Alexis Kerib desu~
large X between the two
Rikkafags already in full damage control mode
bawwww i'm alone
literally redman
SSSS Gridman is not a yuri show
borr
yurifag samefagging replies
yfw Japs hates Strascream
how do I become a support unit
even the fucking NPC Rikka created to cater to her rejects her
Everyone, there is something I want to ask you about.
WAAAAAAAA BUT MOM HE STARTED IT
51 "What Rad Universe!" Adam Weissman Michael Patrick TBA
XXX will switch sides to help Gridman
Samurai Calibur turns into an axe for Zenon
posting in a /u/ thread
still 2 episodes before Yuta regains his memory
Anti aka Dyna Dragon, to get Gridman gattai into King Gridman form
there will never be a third season
She'll never love you back Taichi.
TDX stopped scanlating because Taichi lost to Arata
Her name is literally "Boobs"
best
cutest
1. Itachi
2. Nagato
3. Obito
4. Madara
5. Kakashi
having autism
three Uchihas
calls other weebs
defending shonen
what are lowest common denominators
db threads
cope dog concede toyobeaner vs toeispics
snk threads
literally tumblr
mha threads
decuck vs bakufujo
generalizing Japan this hard 
Saki isn't published in WSJ so I don't see your point.
HxH doesn't count because it's a deconstruction 
One Piece is an adventure shounen
It's like if Japan judged the west based on what they see on 4chan.
In what way is HxH a deconstruction of battle shounen? 
One Piece is an adventure shounen
in October a special Yu Yu Hakusho
ranking of best Kinnikuman battles
senpai
New fag detected
some anime of this year is good
using a garbage anime for your case
8/90 episodes
garbage
everything has 70+ episodes
literally nothing happens in most of them
average art quality is shit
average animation quality is shit
tropes still in infancy, so today it's all too cliche
almost all the catchy OPs got made in the 90s and later, too
70+
nothing happens
Art quality is shit
Animation quality
tropes
catchy OPs
Shitting on Akira’s visuals
80s anime OBJECTIVELY looks better because I say so
Akira looks goo-
What the fuck are you talking about, barely anything comes close to Akira 
LMAO
moeshitter
strawmanning
occasional animation errors matter more than the aesthetics of the entire show
he doesn't like foreheads that take up half the screen?
guess he's a moeshitter!
still no character design that has ever surpassed Lina
teen thread
conflating artstyle with animation
accusing the 80’s of all looking like Otomo’s art
’Akira looks bad’
my thing is OBJECTIVELY better than your thing because I say so
again
He means the retards who only follow seasonal shit
strawmans a stylistic choice that represents Tetsuo's pain and psychic awakening as the "forehead 80s style"
thinks Akira looks like shit because "everything is subjective so I'm right"
ignores all arguments and just brings up different shit
brings up modern SOL anime as better looking than says that's not a fair comparison when I explain why Akira looks far better.
"more color and shading isn't necessarily better" 
this
people use words in ways they are conventionally accepted for, not my autistic dictionary definition!
Time to sperg out!
Everybody fucking knows what people mean by moe and everybody knows what people mean when people say "seasonal watcher"
You certainly still don't have the eye to appreciate what Akira had to offer to say that.
Anything pre-2008
If you think Akira "looks bad" you just don't know what you're talking about
its use of color and shading is better than almost anything that comes out today
on a technical level (?) Akira has better animation than any film that has come out since that was not Ghibli
80s average art and animation quality was slightly higher than modern
your average mid-late 80s tv anime has as good of animation as your average modern work
fanserving
It's actually died down this decade compared to the 00s.
If you read some blogs you'll realise that what kind of art is better is actually objective, and I am actually right about everything
implying Z and CCA are any better
average art quality is shit
almost all the catchy OPs got made in the 90s and later, too
even Akira looks awful today
the very strict 90s and early 00s definition that isn't used anymore
the correct modern definition
the bastardized Western definition
 slaving away in poverty to make a great manga
 eat shit food
 work long hours
 don't exercise
 stress due to poverty
 finally manga becomes popular
 make minimum wage
 work increases because people want more
 work your hardest
 after decades of work and an anime adaption finally make same salary as a office wageslave
 you made it!
 all the years of neglect to body hits you
 suddenly sick
 suddenly unable to work
 suddenly fans are up in arms because no updates
 reading tweets at night about angry fans threatening to send letter bombs
 cry yourself to sleep while feeling sick
reading tweets at night about angry fans threatening to send letter bombs
December 1st 
The countdown begins
powerful mystic influencing government
He thinks Sunrise considers anything late UC existing at the moment
local man discovers sight: "I am growing stronger."
watching anime
read anime
/v/ doesn't watch anime
all those cool old guys they dug up
instead we get the most generic perfect character ever
taking an old man on a long ass sea voyage
his ass doesn't shine
ass
sniff sniff
Suddenly all of America depetrifies and begins planning to invade Japan
oil adventure
chrome
hot new asshole captn is also a weatherfag
they dont even know why and just call it global manifest destiny
I'm the adult here, listen to me. Stay here and listen to me (be my slave). You will build the civilization again while I use my "experience" to guide you.
god i hate drawing men i just want to draw hot ass girls man!
meanwhile
rich as fuck, egomaniacal, spoiled brat before the petrification
now on his way to become the worlds first shipping magnate, probably even the richest and most influential business tycoon once they get things going again
good looking, genius sailor and meteorologist, young
They just deny it even happened.
global warming
implying this is about greatness and not attitude
I don't like drawing men
Magma
tsukasa's fridge
Ass
Snif
poorfags seething at mr 1%
This new fucking guy
small pocket money of a million dollars
he believes in global warming propaganda from leftist
what about the people who use Fahrenheit?
what about the people who use Fahrenheit?
oh no, he's hot
Mfw
Even if it's true
Ever using Fahrenheit
Is the hateboner against England so strong
get petrified snapping your fingers
finish snapping them thousands of years later when you unfreeze
finish snapping them thousands of years later when you unfreeze
shining monkey
literally a commie
having weather temps just stop at 40
this is gonna get more detailed in the anime.
but I don't like muscles
when are we getting more qtie twinks like Gen and Ginrou?
when you seen so much shit your scar moves up
believing neocons damage control
they depetrify a faceless old man
you see, Senku, the Cock is stronger than science. You can't defeat the Cock.
minimized inbreeding
How to Make a Thermometer
just fill a glass flask with mercury lol
finish snapping them thousands of years later when you unfreeze
spoiler
all topics of discussion have been exhausted
if we had Dr.Stone threads all day every day
SJWs and fujotumblrs
Another Boichi sameface
tfw no monster gf to give you a mouthful of worms
church references
implying
facial designs are bizarre.
story
art style 
Anime culture will die with the Olympics.
When Doraemon and Captain Tsubasa is featured prominently in the promo.
it's another op not even reading his own post episode
pretty harsh period
period
there's people who want it made
there's people who want to make it
Netflix and Amazon have existed in Japan for years.
madmen with power do not do stupid shit just to jerk off their ego
It's getting more involved every year with Netflix and Amazon rolling in
japan just needs to tell those companies to fuck off and don't adapt their media
I can't fathom why the japanese must appease westerners
The fucking law even fucked up the ending of oreimo, at least the anime
actually believing this
he
0 replies to the only true explanation in the thread
All the "it was fake lol" wasn't the idea of the author.
Do you even know about the side story that the author did?
Will anime even air during the olympics?
companies like Sony
Remember that you do not boil a frog by heating it up to max instantly but little by little.
mfw I actually love sport anime.
us
the pool
Loli has been slowly put out of the scene
censors anything heteronormativity related
promotes every single degenerate LGBT agenda
children
expecting logic from sjws
Loli has been slowly put out of the scene
it's a crossborder thread again
/pol/-tier tinfoil hat theories
abloo bloo bloo SONY
Two normalfag series is used to promote a normalfag event.
/pol/tard thinks that all anime should be 90% fanservice and the only reason why it isn't now is because olympics
toxic
US did mosaics
foaming at the mouth
Get serious
There's usually 1-2 shows full of ecchi shit and pantyshots galore every season.
MTG ripoff
when it's codeveloped by WotC
having an ugly mom
not having an ex-cheerleader mom who tells you how much of a good catch you are
not having a mom who compliments you on your gains
I can't relate.
mfw the replies from this post 
Each Village had animal people
Naruto is a fucking fox person
Orochimaru is a snek dude
Guy is the great night dragon
no animal people
The shark guy is always a shark guy
Pretty much every member of the 7 Swordsmen had shark teeth, Kisame and his master also had those gil-like growths.
Is this show America wank?
show
SkyHigh the animation
Cape = automatically good!
Wow, great animation!! #1 priority heh
1,000,000% strength is achievable with adrenaline, h-heh..
being delinquent
not working hard to support society and the government that is taking care of you making it possible for you to live your fulfilling and productive life
not using your delinquent powers to BECOME the government
he doesn't know about Bosozoku culture
want bad boys
but also REALLY like out
Isekai manga with delinquents
talking about weaklings and then posting someone who doesn't even have a based pompadour
BLACK EMPEROR
Shit hair
tfw you think you're reading a shoujo reverse harem but instead end up reading a stealth delinquent manga
25 volumes (on going)
half the shit is dropped by their translation teams
haven't read Rokudenashi Blues in almost 2 years
100 more chapters translated
Crows - 7
Worst - 3
no new chapter still
people should work for their gubbermints
not the other way around
because you never see any romance in this genre
lil bomber
we will never get to see Leslie Nielsen's version of Jojo
it took you this long to realize the english subs don't use the copyright infringing names
Self-inserting as the guy instead of the tomboy.
real life
such a simple thing.
tomboy + leglock = ?
tfw you will never lick the delicious sweat off a tomboys abs
I just want [...] overpower me for snu-snu.
Bushy eyebrows 
loli nips on 4channel
tomboy + leglock
/a/ is full of guys who are suspicious of adult femininity; who feel they've been hurt by it or who have known social-climbing women who weaponize their sexuality in a cynical way. 
such a simple thing
such a simple thing.
Having a family and a child is something we all wish for 
implying
tomboy friend
oversleeps every other Sunday morning so her parents go to church without her
they send her to church on her own at noon with a little money for the collection box
she sneakily goes around the church, pops into a shop to spend the money on a bottle of juice and comes to my place
we play vidya sharing the juice straight from the bottle until we see people coming back from church
friend calls home from our landline telling her parents that she came to anon's place after church and asking if she can stay for an hour or two 
play vidya until evening when friend's parents angrily send her older brother to collect her
play football, climb trees, go cycling, build secret base together
a certain kind of women treated them really shitty so they are voiding these kind of women, what losers
\a\
that image
3D
Also yes, most of them grow out of it by age 17.
3d
such a best girl she survives the merciless slaughterfest that was v-gundam
wagecuck
in shape inherently because tomboy things
needing anything but that and the personality
whore of babylon
we can post cropped porn
we cannot post ecchi manga
snu-snu
Is oyakodon where the mother or daughter is the tomboy superior or both?
skips church

:(
emoticons
turned into a tranny
ywn have a big tiddy tomboy gf who makes vidya
ywn get to play the vidya she helped to create
 I like women that look and act like men
i like woman
homos
"Hey Anon-kun, why do you keep fidgeting?"
bridgetoTerabithia.jpg
tomboy
sister
crocs
tfw you will never get bullied by a tomboy's ass
tfw you will never bully a tomboy's ass
/pol/
the reverse of something gay is straight
cute girl you're attracted to is actually a cute guy
pretty guy you're bros with is actually a pretty girl
play vidya until evening when friend's parents angrily send her older brother to collect her
play football, climb trees, go cycling, build secret base together
implying any of them are wrong
FGO isnt canon
Actually became Immortal
Gil just has to live with sour grapes
so perfect, he makes the world stagnate
more realistic art styles like korea has
look nothing like any of those gooks
implying these aren't two american droolers running VPN Gate
Country with the 2nd highest amount of facial surgery in the world
Realistic
korea
2nd highest rate of plastic surgery
implying
amp
2d 
get changed into gundam suit
1 and 1 bomb is end of war
google.com
amp
realistic
See thread
open bottle of vodka
 Pluto
shit all over the memory
girl
Blonde boy and blonde coworker romance never happens, nothing happens to blonde coworker and blonde boy ends up depressed
Playboy coworker is permanently cucked with his stepsister
MC and old fart don't end up together, which isn't even that bad but...
She outright admits to him that she was only using him as an 'umbrella' from the 'rain' and bids him goodbye, they don't meet again
Old fart becomes a failed writer
girl moves on from bond like it never happened, probably makesnew friends and a bf
man becomes depressed, lonely and leads a shitty life afterwards

tan megane athletic tomboy

thread bumped a second before this
kissanime
Caring about how other people look at something
manga
anime
ultimate
abridged
kissanime
tfw no cute vampire titty cop to take your virginity
Anime
Ultimate 
canon twincest
token lesbian gets btfo
that fucking voice
Cannot twin incest
Lesbian gets btfo
It has been reported that her voice is capable of producing sounds at a frequency beyond that of human hearing [2].
